The answer to the question of why he would have brought Jabeen if he had desired her, had been found after some time. Jabeen was his younger sister's last legacy. She was disabled from birth. Rasool Jamadar had told him that she could not speak; the strange thing was that she could not hear either. But Jabeen was sharp. She might be sixteen years old; she was very beautiful to look at, and her senses were keen. She could cook any dish requested. Since she could not speak, she did not complain; she did not even communicate through sign language. She knew a beautiful language of her own! From the furniture brought into the house to the daily vegetables, everything was at her command. Himavant had once said, "Don't ever speak a word against her choices in front of her; Jabeen gets hurt." Urmila was not surprised by her sharpness. In the last two days before the arrangements were finalized, Himu had not done anything; so how had he organized everything? When? Even though she had been right beside him for days, she had not even caught a hint of Himu's actions. 

For a moment, a thorn of suspicion about Himu had pricked her, but she had stayed silent. Himavant remained in the house, but Urmila did not notice any major change in his behavior or his usual silence; it was the same silence, the same seriousness, and short answers if spoken to first. Yet, Urmila felt that a major change had definitely occurred deep in some layer of Himavant's brain. 

After their lunch, they sat on the sofa in the living room and chatted casually. Once, Urmila became suspicious about whether Jabeen was listening to their conversation, but it passed. Himavant noticed it but remained silent. In the evening, he and Urmila went for a short walk in Ravindranagar. He did not bring up the matter of Prarthana even by mistake. It was as if he had deleted her from his system; he was as calm and peaceful as he used to be during the days when he was in love with her. Everything in this house seemed to be in order, but Urmila thought that, for some reason, everything felt mysterious. And by mysterious, she did not mean that something terrible was about to happen, but rather that the current atmosphere was incomprehensible, unfamiliar, and beyond her immediate grasp.