Anani to Himavant was a source of some discomfort; what was it about him that made him so revered by some girl like Ninn? 'You can't bear it. It might be your devotion to him. It might be a habit of mine. Or maybe you paid me to read and write, but that's not a virtue; no one in the world has ever been known to have such a virtue. I won't look at you with respect; I won't look at you with natural affection; I won't look at you as a person; I won't look at you as a friend. Just let me go, Himavant. Let me go. I won't stay in this life with you. There's no one else in the world like me. Just let me go.'

As he spoke, he got up and went to the door, and then turned back. 'I'll never forget this moment. I'll never forget the way you looked at me with such humility. I'll never forget the way you touched my feet and cried. I'll never forget the way you begged me to forgive you. I'll never forget the way you looked at me with such longing. Never, Himavant. Never.'

He turned and went out of the room, and then stopped at the door. 'I'll never forget this moment, Himavant. I'll never forget the way you looked at me. I'll never forget the way you spoke to me. I'll never forget the way you touched my feet. I'll never forget the way you begged me to forgive you. I'll never forget the way you looked at me with such longing. Never, Himavant. Never.'

He went out of the house and walked to the river. He sat down on a rock and dipped his feet in the water. He looked back at the house and saw Anani standing in the doorway, looking at him with tears in her eyes. He felt a pang in his heart and got up and walked back to the house.

'Anani, don't cry,' he said, going up to her. 'I'll never forget this moment. I'll never forget the way you looked at me. I'll never forget the way you spoke to me. I'll never forget the way you touched my feet. I'll never forget the way you begged me to forgive you. I'll never forget the way you looked at me with such longing. Never, Anani. Never.'

He took her hand and led her to the door. 'Come, Anani. Let's go. I'll take you back to your home. I'll never forget this moment. I'll never forget the way you looked at me. I'll never forget the way you spoke to me. I'll never forget the way you touched my feet. I'll never forget the way you begged me to forgive you. I'll never forget the way you looked at me with such longing. Never, Anani. Never.'

As they walked back to her home, he couldn't help but think about the way she had looked at him. He couldn't help but think about the way she had spoken to him. He couldn't help but think about the way she had touched his feet. He couldn't help but think about the way she had begged him to forgive her. He couldn't help but think about the way she had looked at him with such longing.

When they reached her home, he stopped at the door and turned back to her. 'Anani, don't forget this moment. Don't forget the way you looked at me. Don't forget the way you spoke to me. Don't forget the way you touched my feet. Don't forget the way you begged me to forgive you. Don't forget the way you looked at me with such longing. Never, Anani. Never.'

He turned and went back to his own home, leaving her standing in the doorway, looking at him with tears in her eyes. He couldn't help but feel a pang in his heart as he walked away from her. He couldn't help but think about the way she had looked at him. He couldn't help but think about the way she had spoken to him. He couldn't help but think about the way she had touched his feet. He couldn't help but think about the way she had begged him to forgive her. He couldn't help but think about the way she had looked at him with such longing.

As he walked back to his own home, he saw a girl sitting on a stool, combing her hair. He looked at her and saw that she was Anani. He felt a shock run through his body and stopped in his tracks. He looked at her and saw that she was smiling at him. He felt a pang in his heart and went up to her.

'Anani, why are you smiling?' he asked, feeling a sense