Himavant was worried about the fact that whenever people who had lost control of themselves would come out. But such a thing had never happened before, not even to Himavant, who possessed superhuman strength, or to Rasool Jamadar, who was the sole witness to the event. On the night of the full moon, a strange occurrence took place in the room where Nandakka had gone to bed after finishing his day's work. The woman who had been waiting for him to fall asleep so that she could change her sari had been startled by a sudden movement. She had been so frightened that she had almost screamed. If she hadn't been able to control herself, she would have scratched her guitar. The paralyzing fear had left her shaken. 

In the morning, when she went to the bathroom to bathe, the sari was not there. But suddenly, she saw a half-armed, dark-skinned creature with a machete on her stomach, just below her navel. It looked like a wound that had healed, but the scar was still visible. It looked like a birthmark. She had been born with it, and now, at the age of 68, it had appeared again. She wondered where it had come from. As she looked at the machete, she thought that it might be a sign that she would die soon. She had been worried about her age, and now this strange mark had appeared on her body. She thought that it might be a sign that her time was running out. 

She got up and went to bed, but she couldn't sleep. She kept thinking about the strange mark on her body. She wondered if it was a sign that she would die soon. She had been born with it, and now, at the age of 68, it had appeared again. She thought that it might be a sign that her time was running out. She got up and went to the bathroom to wash her face. As she was washing her face, she saw the mark on her stomach again. She felt a chill run down her spine. She thought that it might be a sign that she would die soon. 

As she was getting ready for the day, she saw the mark on her stomach again. She felt a sense of unease. She thought that it might be a sign that her time was running out. She went to the kitchen to make some tea, but she couldn't shake off the feeling of unease. She kept thinking about the strange mark on her body. She wondered if it was a sign that she would die soon. 

As she was sipping her tea, she heard a knock on the door. It was Rasool Jamadar. He had come to see her. She was surprised to see him. She had not expected him to come to her house. She invited him in, and they sat down to talk. Rasool Jamadar asked her about the strange mark on her body. She told him that she had no idea what it was. He asked her if she had any enemies who might have put the mark on her body. She told him that she had no enemies. He asked her if she had any idea what it might mean. She told him that she had no idea. He asked her if she was scared. She told him that she was.