By the time the unloading was finished, dawn had broken. Himavant, who was sitting on the sofa talking, fell asleep; he was exhausted. But Himavant looked as if he had just come from a bath. Urmila, who had lost her train of thought, walked over to him and sat beside him "Himu, no matter how you are or what you do, I like you," she said. "The image of us remains within me. Be true to it. Don't spoil the image that exists within me."

Himavant was slightly taken aback; he looked at her with eyes that held neither laughter nor tears. He simply reached out and placed his arm around Urmila’s shoulder. There was some kind of promise in that touch. In the inner corridor of the house, Jabeen walked away impatiently.

They are together for a long time now. Himavant has no sense of time; he might leave for Gadi koppa at any hour and return home in the middle of some afternoon. Suddenly, he rushes Urmila to leave. His deep red SPM car races towards Jog, forgetting even that it has brakes, moving at a wild speed. Urmila shrieks in a mix of fear and excitement, and at the sharp turns, she loses her balance and leans against Himavant. Urmila, a girl as light as a jasmine flower, has a beautiful scent; she is always fragrant, as if she has just come from a pandanus thicket. She doesn't spend a long time adorning herself, but neat and fresh like a light-pink rose. "White clothes look very good on you," Himavant had said once. The car was racing towards Jog. Suddenly, at a blind curve, Urmila lost her balance and fell directly into Himavant’s lap; it was like a parijata flower falling onto parched, cracked earth along with its dew.

For the first time in many days, the strings of life within Himavant hummed. He felt that if he drove the car at this speed, he would lose control and an accident might occur. He pressed the car's brake, took his foot off the accelerator, brought the vehicle to a halt, and parked it under the shade of the trees by the roadside. Urmila was still leaning in his lap as if asleep, her eyes half-closed. Was it the excitement caused by the speed of the car? comfort of being held in his embrace? Was it an expression? Or overflowing of emotions that had been held back, untold, for so many days?