Who is this girl named Prarthana? Where is she from? You probably haven't asked what her caste is, and we do not ask for 'details' about money or wealth. We do not need that, but what kind of a girl is she? Like other friendships that have been drifting along for a long time, this one does not feel temporary. It seems as though Debu is going to marry this girl, as Uncle Shivarajayya has written in his letter. If all of this is true, there is no one happier than us. But Debu, we are worried about what kind of person your 'girl' is. Apart from you, we have absolutely no one else in this world. Because we know your nature, we are asking this: write to us and share your opinion about Prarthana. If there is a shortage of time, or if you have no objection to talking, tell us to speak over the telephone. Or, if you want me to come to Davanagere myself, I will come immediately. Debu, you are not a child. You are a grown man. Grown children become like friends. As a friend, I am asking you…

By the time Debu finished his bath and returned, Prarthana had read the letter from 'Dad' so intensely that every letter was etched in her memory. From the moment she read it, her heart began to overflow with a new enthusiasm, a new hope, and a new joy. For a girl from a poor family in a tiny village called Bilisaale, near Channarayapatna, to become the daughter-in-law of Chandranath Bidish Bandyopadhyay, the ruler of India’s pharmaceutical empire—was that just a small thing?

Prarthana’s respects to the elders. Please permit me to write this letter. I, Prarthana, am poor by caste. I am not as intelligent as Debu. But I am decent enough to be liked by you. I love Debu as much as I trust God. I have respect, regard, and love for elders. I am a girl who has grown up in the lap of struggles. Debu has loved me, and because of that, our hearts are this close even today. Restraint governs us. I do not even know if Debu has the intention to marry me yet, but I have already decided to spend my life with him. You must bless us. Debu is not one for words. He is too lazy to write a letter. I am writing this on Saturday with his permission. Please...