Somewhere in the distance, thunder rumbled. Then, Himavant let out a long, weary sigh. Filling his legs with all the life left in his body, he stood up straight. In the far distance, two figures were visible standing next to a car. Even from that distance, Prarthana’s silhouette was remarkably distinct; he thought to himself that not even such a dense darkness could conceal the beauty of this assassin. Both shadowy figures began walking toward him. There was no question of Himavant speaking to them both; he had prepared himself to ask only Prarthana, along with Debu, one thing.

"He is terribly upset!"

Rising from the mound of earth, she had walked hurriedly, approached Debu as he stepped out of the car, and said those words in a soft voice.

"Are you also disturbed!?"

Debu’s reaction had sprung out like the tip of an arrow. "I didn't think you would be here, alone with your old lover in such a silent, deserted field at night. I thought you would be in the room behind Shanthappa’s shop near the Shivamogga circle. What is this, Prarthana? What kind of midnight repayment is this? Is this what you meant by breaking off our relationship?"

Although Debu did not ask these things in a staccato manner, his voice clearly carried all that dissatisfaction when he said, "Are you also disturbed?"

*Oh, you man! Is this all your trust amounts to? I yearned for you, endured all your deceits, and was ready to accept you with all your weaknesses. For a wandering flirt like you, I consciously deceived a friend like Himavant for two whole years. Today, when I came to offer a final goodbye to that god and ask for forgiveness for everything, you suspect even that?*

In that moment, a feeling of disgust toward Debu arose in her. She wondered if she could have just sent the car away—the car that had entered the fields of Ghadikoppa—and shunned Debu forever, had she not already told Himavant about her arrival. But she knew that was not possible for her. Over the last two years, she had very deliberately and gradually erased Himavant from her life. Debu might be poor. Debu might be ugly. Debu might be useless. Yet, none of that could turn her away from Debu and back to Himavant.