It was impossible to tell when he had come or when he had left. A girl's heart can shatter like a fresh slate at any moment. Prarthana too would forget Debu within a couple of days. Is it even possible to live a happy life after marrying such a man? Or will life even be possible at all? But under no circumstances should Himavant be betrayed. "I will make sure no betrayal happens," she said firmly to herself and sat up. Somewhere in the distance, the first bell of the fourth watch of the night was heard. Rising hurriedly, she read Prarthana's letter one more time. She switched on the geyser. Reciting the morning shlokas in a soft voice, she gently shook Prarthana, who was in a deep slumber, and woke her up. Pressing a gentle kiss on her forehead, she whispered "Good morning" in a loving voice. Then, pouring two drops of oil from a small bottle onto her palm, she massaged it into Prarthana’s hair. For the first time in many years, it felt to Prarthana as if she were sitting bowed before her mother, getting her hair oiled and washed in the bathroom. "I will be born as your daughter in my next life, and I will be even naughtier than I am now," she said. As Prarthana stepped out from under the shower after her bath, Urmila noticed something. "What is this, Prarthana? What are these brown bruises? Has it already gone this far? You had it with Debu…?" Though Urmila felt her voice becoming harder than necessary, she couldn't control herself and asked anyway. There was an unexpected intensity in her eyes; the very thought that Prarthana had already lost everything she called her own to Debu had left Urmila shaken. But as she stared at the faded brown bruises on her arm, the tone in which she had asked the question began to feel wrong even to her. Just as she was about to ask again, Prarthana reacted in a strange manner that was far beyond Urmila’s imagination. "Urmila Didi, that is entirely my personal business. Mind you, it is true that I respect you a lot—not just today, but always. I, too, desire that every morning of my life should be graced by your good wishes. Never ask such a question ever again. And yet, since you have asked, and since you asked it so bluntly, I am telling you—even if it is a matter of self-respect, today you have..."