"Tell me, what is the reason?" Himavant crossed the pillars. The foundation had been laid. The second floor was just rising. Like a Ganesh idol that had just been worshipped, there were signs of a temple standing on this high mound. Prarthana stood there, stunned. "What is this? It has stopped. Shouldn't there be a hospital here?" she asked, surprised. "According to the plan, a temple should be built at the foundation of every hospital. Whether God exists in such hospitals is something I don't know. But where a human exists, humanity resides. Prarthana Hospital did not rise here, but a sanctum sanctorum for a hospital is what stands on this mound. Someone told me that in the foothills of the Himalayas, they make Ganesh idols like this. I have decided to build a hospital for that Ganesh, to serve humanity within it," Himavant said, stopping the car. "First, let's go to the portico in the middle of the hospital to see the patients, and then we shall offer our salutations to Ganesh."

"Such eccentricities are always there; forget that, Dr. Prarthana. Whatever I do, it with great dedication for the sake of Prarthana. Let all that be; how is Prarthana? Is she studying well? Is she keeping well? Does she still get those stomach aches?" Himavant kept asking one question after another with unmatched affection. Urmila could not continue her speech; she began to sob. "You are very good, Himu... why do you come looking for me like this? If there is anything good, it must be in your mind or your personality. the personality of the girl named Prarthana. If not, why would we talk about her more than ourselves? The number of people in this world who are as pure as nectar is very small, Urmila. Come, shall I give you a glass of milk?" Saying this, Himavant led her towards his stone house.

Inside, more surprises awaited Urmila. From the outside, it looked like it always did, but the stone house was adorned and expanded from within, waiting for his light. Large windows with big wooden frames; deep black doors that looked as if they hadn't been carved for decades; preparations for laying carpets on the floor; and a separate inner room.