I never felt the urge to rush through life; I had bowed my head to your feet, remember? I desired that a part of you, completely, should be mine. Wanting is not wrong, but I did not suppress my other selfish desires. The one who should have opened his heart to the waterfall, for the sake of a nameless Mangaluru girl, is regretting it. I am not ashamed of that, but Urmila, have I hurt you? For that, what forgiveness is there, Prarthana? Debu asked in a voice where tears were streaming profusely from his eyes like fiery embers. Prarthana, having finished her second peg, set down the glass. The wax had melted completely. Using the teapoy in front of her, she went and stood very close to Debu. She gently caressed his disheveled hair. "Debu Babu, men should not cry. Did you truly love me that intensely? I am asking for the last time; answer me honestly just once. I have come here very hurt," she said. Time stood still in the room. Debu did not speak immediately. For a moment, he stared intently into the eyes of the woman clinging to him. In a small pool of tears, the swing of his life was rocking. Only the last particle of wax remained to melt. "I will never ask for your forgiveness, Prarthana. But by the child I might have someday, I loved you, I love you, I will love you till the end. Even after your rejection, I will keep loving you. Only you." Debu's words ended. Prarthana hugged him tightly around her waist like a baby and began to sob uncontrollably. The tears that had been held back, which had erupted on the Harihara road and chased her into the darkness of the passage in front of Debu's house, now poured down like a great storm. "You are the one who should be forgiven, Debu. I was the one who doubted your love. I was the one who decided to teach you a lesson. I was the one who, standing at the door, believed all the angry words of Urmila Didi and became stubborn. I was the one who called Sujay. I was the one who took him to the dhaba where we spent hundreds of evenings together. Where was that infatuation? In which bad cell of my body did it hide? Facing you, I said, 'I love you, man!' and sat behind him on the bike. Forgive me, Debu! Sujay is not a human being."