Himavant was speaking in a tone that seemed to imply there was no danger, but the words he spoke were beyond the answers that Rasool Jamadar had expected. As he spoke, "What's the point of worrying? The houses where the girls lived were just a few steps away from the house. You can go and see for yourself. The story of your mistress will be over in three more days." Himavant's face lit up with a smile as he spoke, and his eyes sparkled with amusement.

As he spoke, he grasped Rasool Jamadar's shoulder, and his words seemed to be directed at him alone. Rasool Jamadar's eyes widened in surprise, and he looked at Himavant with a mixture of curiosity and concern. "What's going on? What's this all about? How can it be that the girl's story is going to be over in three days? And what about the 18,000 rupees in debt? Is that just a rumor? You're saying will and then what? You're saying that you're going to make it all go away with a slap on the wrist? That's not possible."

As Himavant spoke, his face changed, and his eyes took on a look of concern. His voice was no longer lighthearted, and his words were laced with a sense of urgency. Rasool Jamadar's eyes were fixed on Himavant, and he could see the fear and anxiety in his eyes. The doctor, who had been standing nearby, came over to them, and the nurse attending to Himavant's wound help him.

As the doctor and the nurse attended to Himavant, Rasool Jamadar stood back, watching him with a mixture of concern and curiosity. He couldn't help but wonder what was going on, and what Himavant was trying to tell him. were trying to calm Himavant down, but he was still agitated, and his words were laced with a sense of urgency.

As Rasool Jamadar watched Himavant, he couldn't help but think of the conversation they had earlier. Himavant had been acting strangely, and Rasool Jamadar had sensed that something was wrong. Now, he was starting to realize seriously wrong, and that Himavant was in grave danger.

The doctor and the nurse were trying to calm Himavant down, but he was still agitated, and his words were laced with a sense of urgency. Rasool Jamadar's eyes were fixed on Himavant, and he could see the fear and anxiety in his eyes. He knew that he had to do something, and fast.

"Wait, just wait for a minute," Rasool Jamadar said, his voice firm and commanding. "I'll go to the station and file a complaint. We'll get to the bottom of this, and we'll make sure that those responsible are brought to justice. Don't worry, we'll take care of this."