Despite all the love, he had remained distant. Places changed, time passed. Debu, with his body like a bamboo grove, had shattered Himavant—who was like an elephant—bit by bit; how he had tormented him! He was the exact opposite of Himavant in nature. He was reckless, always in a hurry; just by coming close, the blood would turn to mercury, unlike Himavant who would lie still as a mace. Perhaps for the past few days, for some reason, he had been dull. Otherwise, Debu was always like a neighing horse, an elegant man who adorned himself with garlands of desires. But she had never experienced the feeling of being "secured" with him as she did in the embrace of Himavant. For that, it had to be Himavant. There is no connection between a girl’s mind and her longings. A girl who approaches a man with unparalleled passion, once she gets very close, desires only for him to lie silently, holding her without speaking a word for hours. Had she come to Himavant wishing for such silent happiness one last time? Was there more to talk about? Was there something left unsaid that she wanted to finish telling him within this night? Did she want to have a small, long-due fight and end it? the farewell, like the meeting, to be an unforgettable event? Asking for forgiveness and him forgiving her—this was not the only purpose of this night. Even if all the threads of the relationship were to be severed, couldn't some invisible bridge have been left behind today? Why did Debu have to come just then? Prarthana thought that he should have left this one night exclusively for the two of them. As Debu’s car headed towards Himavant’s stone house, for the second time, she muttered as if in a trance, "He has come," and casting a vague look at Himavant sitting in the darkness, she began to walk toward the car. Himavant did not have the strength left to raise his voice and ask, "Where?" His wet cheeks were smeared with dust. Like a blade of grass beneath a receding flood, he rose and sat up slowly. There was a roar like the sea echoing in his ears. Prarthana was abandoning him! If someone had said so two years ago, he would have just laughed it off. When he wrote the letter of resignation, when Urmila came and went repeatedly for no reason, and when he strongly felt that Prarthana was lying—every time, only one thing had held him back.