Himavant sat silently in the field, his eyes fixed on the ground. Prarthana's words were like a knife to his heart. He couldn't understand what she was trying to say. When he looked at her, eyes would flutter and she would ask, "What happened, Himavant? When will I die? Please have mercy on me." She would try to move her eyes with great difficulty, and sometimes she would even lift her hands and greet him. Tears would well up in her eyes and fall onto her cheeks, and Himavant would be overcome with a sense of helplessness.

He knew that she was going to die, and that it was a matter of days. He had accepted it, but he didn't know how to stop it. save her or alleviate her suffering. He felt like he was carrying a heavy burden on his shoulders. He thought about the uselessness of his knowledge, the futility of his efforts, and the fact that he was unable to do anything to help her.

That night, under the light of the full moon, Himavant sat in the field, his mind consumed by thoughts of Prarthana's impending death. He thought about the uselessness of his knowledge, the futility of his efforts, and the fact that he was unable to do anything to help her. He felt like he was carrying a heavy burden on his shoulders.

He thought about the fact that he had been to Ajji's house, and told her that if she didn't come back in two days, he would be left alone. unable to bear the loneliness, and that forced to leave the field and go to the city. He had said bear the thought of living without her.

As he sat in the field, he thought about the words of the old man, Aliyandar, who had told him that he should not have come to the field, have stayed in the city. fact that he had ignored the old man's words, and anyway.

He thought about the fact that he had been warned by the other villagers, that they had told him that the field was cursed, that it was a place of death. But he had ignored their warnings, and he had come to the field anyway.

As he sat in the field, he thought about the fact that he was going to lose Prarthana, be left alone. he would have to leave the field, that go to the city and start a new life. would never see Prarthana again, hold her in his arms again.

He felt a sense of despair wash over him, hopelessness. He felt like he was trapped in a nightmare, from which he would never wake up. losing his grip on reality, slipping into madness.