Tell me the reason / 275

Himavant thought it would get dark by the time they reached. He immediately felt like turning back, but he remained silent. Urmila, unable to climb the path, started singing in a humming voice while sitting on a rock, with the light drizzle wetting her face: "Rhimjhim gire saawan, sulag jaaye mann!" By the time she finished singing, her whole body was drenched. The sun in the sky was already changing its tune. There was some kind of invitation in her song; there was a yearning, a question of "Can't you give me a little love, friend?" It was not a plea. Himavant realized this much: Urmila was a much more emotional girl than Prarthana! Emotional people only live like this, moving from one end of life to the other. When he saw her two years ago, a cigarette was trembling between her lips. Now, a song was dancing there. Was it my influence? If so, why didn't my influence work on Prarthana? Had I become too weak to turn her towards me? Am I leaning towards this girl now? Is that another weakness? He shook his head and said to himself, "It’s getting dark." Urmila heard him, but her eyes had vanished into the sunset. He walked slowly toward her, held both her shoulders, and jokingly lifted her up with ease, standing her on her feet. Urmila stood as if she had melted into his chest. Then it became dark. After that, for a long time, the two figures stood joined together, sometimes moving apart, holding hands just for the sake of it; supporting each other as if they were about to merge into one another; touching, distancing, teasing, and laughing aloud—they climbed the ridge of the Jog falls. By the time they returned to the tourist bungalow, it felt like the darkness was pinching their eyes, and Himavant felt like he was trying to escape it. "Himu," she said, "I have one request." "What?" he asked. "Can we stay here for just one more night?" Himavant did not speak; suddenly, the lines on his face twisted. Then, without giving her any answer, he reached for his [belongings] on the car seat.