156. Anson was trying to remember something; how many years had it been since that sugar-filled memory? Only Prarthana’s name was written in it. In her handwriting, language, words, songs, silence, laughter, cooking, or behavior—there was no pretense in anything. Just when Mother would feel that perhaps she could have found a prettier daughter-in-law, Prarthana would behave in a way that made one conclude that only a boy as fickle as Debu could be tethered by love alone, and for that task, no one other than Prarthana would be suitable. "You saw her roommate, didn't you? The name Urmila itself sounds good. Intelligence sparkles in her eyes; courage and self-confidence overflow. One look is enough to know she is smarter than Prarthana. Her family background is also quite good," she would say. Apparently, she was the first one to be friends with Debu. But for a boy like Debu, only a girl like Prarthana would do: a girl who would endure everything, no matter how much trouble he caused or how many mistakes he made—that is the only way a family lasts until the end. Someone like Urmila would not be able to live with him. Debu's mother had spoken to her husband on the third night. Both shared the same sentiment regarding one aspect: only Prarthana could endure Debu!

Prarthana was not present when he sat down to talk with her father. It was unbearable to see her father shrinking, sitting with folded hands, and talking pitifully before the wealthy couple. It had been decided beforehand that Father should speak only what was necessary and not discuss any family matters in front of Debu's parents. As for the matter of giving and taking, what did Father have to give? And did he even have the personality required to receive? A father was needed as a formality; he had been called. Let them talk and go. An engagement is a small fence to ensure that Debu, having held hands with her, would never go astray in the future. Along with the three elders, Urmi didi was also enough. When will the marriage actually happen? Debu says to let the course finish. At the very least, if the seal of the engagement is stamped, that is enough. And if it falls in the presence of her father, it is even firmer! Leaving her father to talk with them, Prarthana had found some excuse to take Urmila and step outside. By the time the two returned after about forty-five minutes, Debu’s parents were [handing something] to Father on a silver plate...