Himavant thought to himself, "If she had the ability to take her own life along with her body that night, then what is the meaning of the word 'prem' (love)? Is it not a meaningless word? What is the purpose of Prarthana's devotion, her faith, her goodness? If she had been good, then what was the purpose of her being devoted? If she had been devoted, then what was the purpose of her being faithful? If she had been faithful, then what was the purpose of her being good? If she had been good, then why did she leave Himavant, who loved her intensely, and come to this place? She came here; she came here only because she wanted to. She came here easily, without any difficulty, in the middle of the night, to the dark alley of Haridhara Street. Prarthana, you are not an ordinary person! You have many faces; among them, innocence is also one. That face can change at any time. It is as if she has found a suitable girl and has settled down. I have lost Himavant because of this; I have lost him to her. Let it be; let it be a lie that I have been deceived. Let it be a lie that I have won a girl and have settled down. But what I have done is true. I have lost my true love, and I have been left with nothing. I have been left with empty eyes, and I have been left to sit in front of the wall, staring at it.

"Go, go quickly, take a bath, and have dinner. The two men who are cooking in the kitchen have gone out; eat whatever they have cooked and spend the rest of the evening with them. I have left you here; I have left you here because I want you to be happy. Don't forget, don't forget that I have been your debabu (older brother) until now. You have been my sister, my friend. You have been my everything. Now, I have left you; I have left you because I want you to be happy. I have left you to be with Sujay, who is a good boy. I have left you to be with him because I want you to be happy. Don't forget, don't forget that I have been your debabu until now. You have been my sister, my friend. You have been my everything. Now, I have left you; I have left you because I want you to be happy.

"A man can be a great adulterer, but he can also be a good person. He can be a great sinner, but he can also be a good person. But a woman, a woman should be faithful to her husband; she should be loyal to him. She should not be like me, who has been unfaithful to Himavant. She should not be like me, who has been disloyal to him. But Prarthana, you have been disloyal to Himavant; you have been unfaithful to him. You have been with Sujay, who is a good boy, and you have been happy with him. You have been happy with him, and you have forgotten me. You have forgotten me, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten the promises we made to each other. You have forgotten the promises we made to each other, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten me.

"But what you have done is true. You have left me; you have left me because you wanted to be with Sujay. You have left me because you wanted to be with him, and you have been happy with him. You have been happy with him, and you have forgotten me. You have forgotten me, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten the promises we made to each other. You have forgotten the promises we made to each other, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten me.

"Prarthana, you have been a great disappointment to me. You have been a great disappointment to me, and you have broken my heart. You have broken my heart, and you have left me to suffer. You have left me to suffer, and you have forgotten me. You have forgotten me, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten the promises we made to each other. You have forgotten the promises we made to each other, and you have forgotten the love we had. You have forgotten the love we had, and you have forgotten me.

"Now, I am left