Tears welled up in his eyes, but unable to control his agitation, Himavant suddenly stepped out of the house. Picking up a shovel that had been left by the door—kept specifically for the construction of 'Prarthana Hospital'—he reached the mound. He began digging briskly. Within fifteen minutes, a pit large enough to bury the bundle was ready. For a moment, he felt tempted to open it and look at the contents one last time, but his mind, bound by turmoil, restrained him. With caution, he lowered the bundle into the pit. He pushed the soil in, first handful by handful, then shoveling it rapidly. Within half a minute, the pit was filled and leveled. 

"Mother's silk saree, a small gold mangalsutra, a pair of pearl earrings, and the silver idol of Krishna that she used to worship with such affection—I had thought that was enough for our wedding," a sigh escaped his lips. He descended the mound quickly and drew a bucket of water from the well to bathe. He wondered if he would feel better if he sobbed loudly like he did at night, but the tears would not come. He thought of meeting Urmila, but worried that he might lose his composure. He thought of going to Shantappa’s house, thinking she might be studying for her exams, but then remembered that Nandakka was not there. He thought of going to Kaveramma’s, but that reminded him of the Davanagere talk. 

He wondered if he should just go to Channarayapatna. Who was there for him? He asked himself, "Is this all there is to my world? No matter where I set out for, doesn't every journey lead me back to Prarthana? Haven't I done absolutely nothing in these two and a half years that wasn't related to her? How small love makes the world!" As he sat asking himself these questions and talking to himself, something shifted within him. Suddenly, Himavant began to crawl from the veranda into the inner room—just as he sat, dragging himself like a spider, like a multi-legged insect, like a wounded animal, like a crippled child. He seemed to have forgotten that he was even a human being. A strange sound, like a bizarre, wheezing laughter, emanated from his lungs. Crawling like a mentally challenged child, he reached the iron box and pulled its door open with a jarring sound. As he looked at the items inside, a peculiar light sparkled in his eyes.