"Tell me the reason."

"I am asking about the girl from Shivamogga, Prarthana. Please call her," Himavant asked in an agitated tone.

"Sir, that is exactly who I was talking about. She has gone to Hyderabad. Her engagement is the day after tomorrow. She will be back," the hostel employee was replying.

Muttering "Nonsense," he was just about to hang up the phone when he suddenly remembered and blurted out, "Look, there is a girl named Urmila who is her roommate, right? Call her."

If he hadn't remembered Urmila by chance, if he had hung up the phone called Kaveramma’s house by chance, and if, by chance, Kaveramma had come looking for Prarthana at the hostel, the lightning would have struck two days early.

"That's a surprise! Is that you calling? Prarthana and I were just talking. She just went to a friend's house to study. The exams are very close, aren't they? She is studying very seriously. Do you have anything to tell her?" Urmila spoke, burying the truth on one side. By mistake, she did not speak about Hyderabad or the engagement. She didn't even let him speak. What if Prarthana changed her mind?

As she placed the receiver back on the cradle, she felt it herself: "How long can I hold back this rising sea of destruction?"

Having paid the man at the telephone booth, Himavant started walking towards Gadekoppa, feeling a sense of turmoil. Although talking to Urmila had given him a little relief, he felt a wave of restlessness rising somewhere in the corner of his mind. Do boys feel such an inexplicable distress the moment girls decide to deceive them? If that is true, it is more terrifying than the agony of betrayal.

Feeling that he couldn't walk all the way to Gadekoppa, Himavant went to Rasool Jamadar’s house that day and ended up sleeping there. No matter how much Rasool insisted, he did not eat. Rasool made him lie down, covered him with a blanket, and sat silently beside him until he fell asleep. When Rasool Jamadar finally got up to head to his own room, the only thing he heard that sounded like a groan from Himavant was, "Prarthana!"