Did I love Prarthana? Would I marry her? After all that had happened, it seemed as though I had been made to forget the truth. I caught a glimpse of Prarthana's eyes, which were a little distant, as if she was lost in thought. Now, she was just a young girl, about eight years old, who had been taken away from her home and brought here. Before leaving her home, no one had ever asked her any questions. No one had ever asked her if she loved someone or if she wanted to get married. I was the first one to ask her such questions. If I didn't love her, if I didn't want to get married to her, would she let me go? I didn't know; I had never asked her any questions. My questions had never been asked of me either. I had never thought about them. I didn't know if I loved Prarthana or not. What was love, anyway? Was it just a feeling that came and went like the wind? Was it just a fleeting thought that came to mind while walking from one place to another? Was it just a comfort that came from having a warm foot on a cold floor, or from having a cool breeze on a hot day? Was it just a feeling that came from giving someone a doctor's degree, or from giving them a comfortable life? I knew that there was an agreement between us, one that was better than any other agreement. But was that agreement love? I didn't think so. Love was not something that came from a sense of obligation. It was not something that came from a feeling of duty. It was not something that came from a sense of responsibility. It was not something that came from a sense of obligation. It was not something that came from a sense of duty. It was not something that came from a sense of responsibility. It was not something that came from a sense of obligation. It was not something that came from a sense of duty. It was not something that came from a sense of responsibility. It was not something that came from a sense of obligation. It was not something that came from a sense of duty. It was not something that came from a sense of responsibility.