"This is the right punishment. I shouldn't have lied to Debu, whom I love more than my life. From now on, I will never doubt you. I will not leave your shadow, move away from you. No, don't make my love seem like a lie. Please forgive me." Prarthana was still crying, but Debu was turning to stone. It felt as if the flirt in him had died right then and there. The figure of Sanjay Malhotra became clearer in his eyes. He realized that some things a woman should never reveal to her husband, in the dead of night, in a drunken stupor, in her eagerness to prove her love for Debu, more than her life. That innocent girl, Prarthana, had blurted it out. She thought she had unburdened herself, but she had become hollow. Without even a slight apprehension that the confession of that night would torment her until the last moment of her life, Prarthana had fallen into a deep sleep in Debu's embrace. In her state, there was no possibility of her digesting the colorless alcohol she had drunk and continuing the conversation. Debu himself gently carried the girl who his embrace and laid her on the bed. At that moment, he stood by the bedside, staring at Prarthana's face. He felt as if he had destroyed the innocence that was present in every line, every movement of her face. On her arm, on the slope of her chest, there were blood-red marks. They were the fingerprints of Sanjay Malhotra. For the first time in his life, he felt he had lost. He drank the remaining gin in the bottle without adding water, gulping it down his throat. It wouldn't be difficult to knock on the door in a while. After all, he was from the same room. Should he just go and kill him and come back? Debu began to feel disgusted. He was in a daze, not fully conscious. His clothes were scattered. After a year and a half of dealing with him, his body was broken. She was not even in a condition to protest. Just surrender to him. She would agree. Wasn't that what he had been waiting for all these days? Debu started to rage.