Himavant sat, looking at the object. Then he placed it on his iron plate and went to the room where he would burn the incense. Even after he had gone, the object kept moving in his eyes like a picture, and the fingers of Prarthana, who was sitting inside, were trembling slightly as she recited the shlokas. She was alone in the room. Normally, on evenings, Urmi would go out, and most of the time, she would go out with Debu. But Prarthana loved Urmi with a genuine affection, even though she was a servant. If Urmi was not there on such evenings when she was reciting the shlokas, it would be as if she was praying to a stone idol. The photograph of the deity in front of her was of Hima, but the deity whose eyes were fixed on her was Hima. 

As the fragrance of the incense stick, which was burning slightly, wafted through the room, Prarthana wrapped the stick around her and began to sway gently, as if she was floating in the air. If the stick had completely burned out and its fragrance had disappeared, she would have pointed to the photograph of the deity and said that she had forgotten Hima. But she was praying for the strength to love Hima as much as she could, and for the strength to hate Debu. "Oh, God, give me the strength to love Hima as much as I can. Give me the strength to hate Debu. Don't let me deceive Hima." 

Her words were not audible, but they seemed to have turned into whispers and escaped through the window. Just then, the sound of a knock on the door was heard. It was Urmi, who had come to see if Prarthana was alone. She had come to see if Prarthana was alone, and when she opened the door, she found the hospital's employee standing there. "Whoever it is, please come in," she said, and went out. 

Himavant had come and gone, hadn't he? Prarthana thought to herself, and immediately the same thought occurred to her. She had sent Himavant away, hadn't she? She had sent him away with a heavy heart, hadn't she? Or had she sent him away because she thought he would come back to her at this moment? Had he gone to Davanagere from Shivamogga? 

As she thought this, a thought occurred to her - Himavant might be standing at the hospital's gate. She quickly got up, went to the bathroom, and took a bath. She put on a light yellow sari and a yellow blouse, and went to the mirror. She looked at her reflection, and then began to comb her hair. She put on a pair of slippers and went out.