Urmila, who had walked four steps further than the point she had pointed to earlier, saw two swords that looked as if they had been carved with a wooden stylus on a stone wall just a few hours ago. For some reason, for the first time in her life, the darkness felt terrifying to Urmila. If Himavant hadn’t been standing a short distance away, the rustling of the tree branches, the eerie cry of an anonymous bird perched at the tip, and the silence spreading through the night would have killed her, she felt. Urmila walked hurriedly towards Himavant, who was standing by the road, and without a second thought, hugged his shoulder.

Urmila is scared! Himavant said to himself. He held her palm and signaled courage with his fingers. He was once again certain that the touch of a woman could no longer stir any other desire in him. Even as she hugged his shoulder, he led her back along the deserted road. It had become dark like this in the middle of the road before reaching Arsikere. Prarthana used to hug his shoulder like this, hold his fingers tight, and walk with the same sense of insecurity. It had been two and a half years since all that happened. It will be hundreds of years like this; I will keep walking on such paths without lights. Someone or other, scared of the darkness, will keep hugging my shoulder. Whoever hugs me, I remember Prarthana. Only Prarthana.

He thought, "Do you think Prarthana is leaving you for money, for cars and bungalows, Himavant?"

After walking a short distance, she moved away from the shoulder she had been hugging, pulled her fingers away, mustered the courage from somewhere deep inside, and asked, "Urmila, now you and I... I don't think anything. I don't ask anything. Just like that, you suddenly hugged my shoulder. Just like you suddenly left me once before. You are the one who has to give a reason; I don't have the right to imagine or ask, do I, Urmila? As for the matter of Prarthana, I feel I don't have the right to ask her for a reason. All I have is the memory. And the right to wait for the day she herself begins to speak. Even if it takes a hundred years, I am just waiting, hoping she will leave with a reason."

As he stopped speaking, the forest by the side of the road rustled, as if trying to listen to his words and the expressions on his face.