They had made a pact before he left. They were careful; in that bungalow, there were only the two of them—Prarthana and Himavant. Because all possibilities of losing themselves had ended. How many days had they waited for this sleepless night? Suddenly, as if a chasm between them had been closed and the ground leveled. It was the same mat as the one in the back room of Sadashivappa’s house in Shivamogga; the same comfortable darkness; in this very house, the same Himavant and Prarthana. Was it two and a half years of separation that had flowed between them? Or pain? Or expectation? Or betrayal? What was it?

"Except for the fact that you’ve gotten a bit thin and a little dark, you haven’t changed much, Himu. I was startled when I saw you get out of the car in the courtyard this evening, but you didn’t seem that weak, Himu. When you were in Shivamogga, you once had a fever. I had held your hand and taken you to the doctor near Shivamurthy Circle. That day, too, your body was burning like a coal. You were swaying and couldn't walk. Do you remember, Himu?" Prarthana asked.

"That night, you were wearing my white shirt over your light blue petticoat—you had forgotten to eat. By the time we returned from the doctor's house, the milk had boiled over. You were telling me the story of the last movie you saw in Channarayapatna... and I had fallen asleep. It was a Tuesday!" Though his voice was low, there was a sense of victory in Himavant’s words. For a moment, Prarthana’s eyes welled up. 

"How well you remember all of that, Himu!" she said. 

"The reason I remember is because, that day, we both had a love that had grown to the same intensity. More than that, we both needed each other. We were so dependent. You used to call me God; I considered you my life. We would lie side by side on the same mat, but we wouldn’t touch each other. Would it break the spell if we touched? Would the dream break halfway? After all, wasn’t I the one in your dreams? We used to go to sleep thinking just that. We were so necessary and indispensable to each other, Prarthana. Our needs and our compulsions made us remember every single thing. It is only when there is no need and no compulsion that one forgets..."