Himavant's mind was filled with the thought of what had happened; he was standing in front of her; he was speaking to her with a stern expression - it was as if he had taken a great deal of pleasure in it. Prarthana, who was already in a state of despair, returned to her room, feeling as if she was being led to her doom. The forest was no longer as dark as it was at night; deceit was the only thing that was the forest. It starts by crying out loud, but then everything goes smoothly. Prarthana, who was supposed to go to college that night, didn't feel like going; she didn't even want to change her clothes before going to bed. Himavant had brought her a small sweet; she had given it to her with a smile and a gentle touch, saying "Good morning" in a soft voice. As she put the sweet on the table, she wondered from where she had gotten this strange custom of saying good morning. She had thought about it, but before she could think any further, she had gone to bed. As she lay down, she had made a mental note to pray before going to sleep, but she had forgotten to do so. She had written a small note on a piece of paper, saying "Deb! Hate you!" and had placed it under her pillow. After a while, she had woken up, taken the note, and thrown it away, and then had gone back to sleep. When she woke up again, she had found that Himavant had eaten half of the sweet and had wrapped the other half in a piece of paper and taken it with him. He had gone to the fields, leaving her alone. She couldn't stay in the house; she had to go to see Ajja, the old man who lived in the nearby hill. fields, but she couldn't bear the thought of going there. Rasool Jamadar had been injured in the head and had been bleeding from the mouth; he had been in a state of great pain. Himavant had been caring for him, but now he was acting strangely. He was holding his head in both hands and lying down, as if he was The pain was so intense that it was making him scream. Rasool Jamadar couldn't understand what was happening to Himavant; he was trying to explain, but Himavant wasn't listening. He was in a state of great pain, and happening to him. Even after a while, Himavant didn't explain what had happened to him; he just kept lying down, holding his head in both hands.