She had walked up in a manner so innocent that it seemed as if she were unaware of the significance of what she was doing, standing there waiting for them at the station. Chandrakant Babu told himself, "The girl is lovely." Prarthana, however, felt no confusion. The moment she saw the tall, slender figure in white pajama-jubba and the deep-red silk saree, with skin as fair as milk, descending from the first-class compartment, she felt, "This must be why he is so beautiful." She ran up to touch their feet in reverence and took the suitcases from their hands. "You are as beautiful as your name... Prarthana," Debu’s mother had said. It felt as if a Veena from some distant era had taken the form of a woman and was speaking to her as Debu’s mother. She walked toward the station exit, looking at Prarthana’s long braid with deep affection. "If you had looked yourselves, perhaps you would have found a better daughter-in-law than me, but I am the one who found Debu. Meeting such wonderful parents convinced me why Debu is the way he is. Even though he knows you are coming, he doesn’t know for certain that you are arriving today; I didn't tell him because I wanted it to be a surprise. He must have woken up and gone to college by now; I bunked my classes and ran here to receive you. Even if my own parents had come today, I wouldn't have been this happy. I pray to God to keep this joy with me as long as I live. My God will not disappoint me, because my name is Prarthana." As they walked toward the taxi, Prarthana said in a soft voice, "Do you sing, daughter?" Debu’s father had asked. The answer to that came at night. She had prepared the meal with great devotion; there was a cozy moonlight on the terrace of the house. Spreading a mat, the four of them sat down to eat. As Debu’s mother folded a betel leaf and handed it to her husband, Chandrakant Babu lit his cigar and began to exhale small clouds of smoke. Lying down on the mat, with his head on his mother’s lap, Debu was picking out the stalks of the betel leaves that she had spread out, eating them like a little child. Sitting in the lotus position, Prarthana sang in a voice so tender that even the moonlight seemed to grow damp, drenched in joy: "Ghar Aaja Ghir Aaye."