Himavant thought it was time to end this. If it was love, then why did Deb look at her with such disdain in his eyes? He should have made it clear. Prarthana thought to herself, "I should ask him clearly, what is it that he wants?" She got up in the morning, took a bath, and put on the new sari she had brought. She sat in the middle of the room, her heart beating fast, and began to sing, "What is it that you want, Tushar, why are you so distant?" But she couldn't bring herself to sing it; she only sang it when she was getting ready in front of the mirror, not singing Deb. Five years from now, I will be more mature, beautiful, I thought to myself. joyful. She hummed an old song, got up from the room, and went out into the hostel's corridor. Deb was sitting there. "Is this my one night? Have I finished?" she asked him. "You can't stay here without my permission," she said. "If I had been in the car, I would have brought you back," she said. "But I left it in the hostel's compound, and I sat next to it all night, looking at the window of my room. I didn't even drink whiskey. feel like having sex. I only stayed up because of the sunrise," she said. "Forgive me, Prarthana. I didn't get your permission, and I came to the hostel and stayed up all night, thinking about you. If I had stayed up one more night without permission, I would have been a sinner. said, 'Good morning, it was a wonderful morning,' wouldn't I?" she said. "Tell me, Deb, I was so worried about you." Deb's hand was shaking as he spoke. He hadn't slept all night, and his eyes were red from lack of sleep. He was still wearing the pajamas he had worn the night before, and the same jacket. He had sat on the road all night, thinking about her. Prarthana was angry with him. "You shouldn't have come here without my permission," she said. stayed up me." Deb's face was pale, and his eyes were filled with tears. "I'm sorry, Prarthana," he said. "I won't do it again. I promise you, I will never do it again." He took her hand and held it tightly. "I love you, Prarthana. I love you more than anything in the world. let you go. We are like two poor children, and we don't have anyone else in this world. Everything I have is yours. I will love you sincerely, till the end of my life," he said.