"Go and tell [Reason 32]," Urmi asked Prarthana. "Saving a life?" Prarthana had answered without a second thought. "Whose life? Debu's? Or Himavant's?" Urmi's question had sprung up the very next moment. Where did Prarthana have the strength to answer? She just stood there, looking at Urmi with frightened eyes. It felt as if time had frozen there. Even the wind blowing through the leaves of the backyard plants seemed to have stilled. The two girls standing in the large courtyard in front of the house were staring at each other without blinking. Both had questions, but neither had answers. Whose life is going to be lost? Who is being saved? And who is making the effort to save whom? To Urmi's questions, which rose one after another, she only replied, "I don't know either, Didi," and the moisture in her voice had dried up.

In the midday sun, the compound around the bungalow was deserted. Sitting in the corner of the compound in the shade of a wall, Rasool Jamadar was watching the two of them with wide eyes. He could not hear their words, yet the questions swirling between them began to haunt him too. Why is Prarthana acting like this? Why did she call for Himavant? Is it only to save Debu's life? If so, what is the reason for this behavior toward Himavant? Has Prarthana changed her mind? Once Debu's life is saved and he recovers and sits up, will she return to her old life with Himavant the very next moment? Does she realize her mistake? Or is she writing a preface to yet another unforgivable mistake? What answer will she give Debu? And if she returns to Himavant, who is there to stop her? He knows what Himavant's love is like; he would accept Prarthana again in any situation. Forgiveness is always ready in his heart. But what about the Doctor's life? Does her love and the way she has cared for him all these days mean nothing? Why is life playing such games with these three souls? Will Debu even survive? Will Himavant be sacrificed? Bewildered by questions that were beyond his reach and understanding, Rasool Jamadar felt that although he had permission to enter the bungalow, he... [text incomplete]