Tell Me and Go: 330

Looking at his face as he lay unconscious, Prarthana cried out loudly, "Why are you doing this, Debu?" They say the dead open their eyes on a full moon night; why would they? Why does Debu come back to life time and again? Was it just so that Prarthana could witness yet another deception of a girl named [K31]? As she sobbed, a figure walked slowly and heavily from the backyard towards the window. A terrifying silence hung over the bungalow; no one spoke to anyone.

Prarthana herself had taken Himavant to the bathroom as usual. There was no connection between his behavior now and the words he had spoken the previous night; he walked like a puppet, without any other desire in his touch. This had been Himavant’s nature from the beginning; he knew how to restrain his desires. But the determination in his voice when he said, "You must come to the plains of Gādikoppa," did not feel innocent to her at all. When he asked that, when he commanded it as if it were his final word, was there a hooded serpent in Himavant’s eyes? The darkness of desire could not be seen.

Although Prarthana did not discuss this matter directly with Urmila, Rasool Jamadar had overheard the words she spoke to the unconscious Debu while standing outside the window. That very afternoon, he had called Urmila and expressed his final suspicions. Listening to all of it, Urmila’s skin began to prickle. She thought of asking Prarthana, "Is all of this true?" but as the full moon neared, Himavant would not stay away from her even for a moment; he ensured, perhaps inadvertently, that she never stepped out of the room he was in. At the same time, the nature of the rituals began to intensify. Himavant would collapse to the floor, exhausted by the heat of his fever, but as the full moon neared, his eyes began to glow brilliantly.

"We must leave now!" Himavant said in a tone of firm resolve. In the center of the bungalow, everyone stood with faces full of anxiety. Debu was sitting on the sofa in the middle of the room. Prarthana was crying. Without asking anyone for permission, and without even a courtesy of a goodbye, Himavant went straight...