Himavant was lying on the bed. He didn't look like he had slept the whole night. He had gotten up early in the morning, taken his bag, and left for Davanagere. Even when the children left, he didn't say a word. He seemed to be doing everything mechanically, as if he was a machine. It seemed like he had lost all interest in life. He had taken care of all the college admission formalities on his own; he had even spoken to the college administration. There was no sign of disappointment or frustration on his face. But his eyes told a different story. They seemed to be empty, devoid of any emotion. By the time it was afternoon, all the work related to Prarthana's college admission was over. The two of them had finished their lunch at a hotel in Davanagere and were about to leave. Prarthana looked more stable than she had the previous day. She wasn't crying, but she looked like she had lost all her energy. She seemed to be walking like an old person, as if every step was a struggle. If she had to take another step, she would collapse, thought Himavant. Once, he looked into her eyes, and what he saw was a river of tears. He took her hands in his, and she didn't pull them away. He didn't know what to say, but he knew she wasn't lying to him. Her eyes were like a river that had overflowed its banks. She looked at him with tears in her eyes and said, "I didn't deceive you, Himavant." And then she looked down, her eyes welling up with tears. She took a step forward, and Himavant followed her. As they walked, the shadows of the trees grew longer. Himavant was walking behind her, and he felt like he was walking into a dark tunnel. He didn't know what was waiting for him at the end of the tunnel. Prarthana walked into the hostel, and Himavant followed her. As soon as she entered her room, she collapsed onto the bed, her body shaking with sobs. Himavant sat down next to her, holding her hands. He didn't know what to say, but he knew she needed him. 

Shantappa used to say that it was not right for someone to be alone in the middle of nowhere. Prarthana's success had created so many enemies in the town. He used to say that the real estate world was a jungle, and this young boy didn't know the rules of the game. He had bought a plot of land outside the town and was planning to sell it. If he sold the plot, he would make a lot of money, but if he didn't sell it, he would have to pay for it. The builders in Shivamogga used to make fun of him, saying that he would sell the plot and run away from the town. They used to say that he would go bankrupt if he didn't sell the plot. But Prarthana had proved them all wrong. She had sold the plot and made a lot of money.