Standing there slightly bent, for some reason, she reminded him of a sitar that begged to be played. Debu, who had been lying half-reclined on the bed, his desires stirred from within, began to gaze at Prarthana. Who was this girl? Whose garden did this bloom grow in? How did she effortlessly come from nowhere and establish herself here so surely? What his father said about life was true; she wasn't headstrong, but Prarthana knew very well how to implement her decisions. She didn't put on a great act before her parents, but she was different than ever before. There was a clear humility in her speech. As much as she knew they were observing her every action and work, Prarthana continued to impress them. Only his father had melted away while watching Prarthana. He believed that such a virtuous girl was needed to rein in a son who had fallen into his own whims, without him even realizing it! Apparently, he had even told his mother this before the engagement. Whenever she was around, hadn't he called out, "Prarthana, come here!" every hour, made her sit in front of him, and insisted she sing without pause? "Look, daughter, we had everything in our house, except for music. Debu also sings, just like me, but the two of us can't come out of the bathroom until we finish our song. Now that you have arrived, look! If your husband wants to go to hospitals or nursing homes, let him go, but you just sit in our bungalow and sing your favorite ragas. You haven't seen Hyderabad. From a distance, the city looks dirty, just dirty. But I feel as if the ragas that were sung halfway and left unfinished still wander through its minarets, mosques, palaces, and domes. There are Ustaads who sing ghazals wonderfully. Sit with whoever you like and learn. Dakhni Urdu ghazals were born in Hyderabad. Just sit on the sun-drenched balcony of our Banjara Hills bungalow and sing to yourself. You will forget the world exists. Once the habit of listening sets in, that’s it; your Debu will never leave the bungalow again. It has been many years since Lakshmi graced our home, daughter. Now that Saraswati is coming, what more could I want for my happiness? Our wedding is confirmed," Chandranath Bandopadhyay had said. Prarthana had not shown her happiness immediately. That night, while returning to her hostel, she had written a note that was clearly visible to both Debu and his mother, and handed it to Debu's father before she left.