Tell me the reason / 257

The insecurity, fear, and anxieties of the first two years were gone now. She was no longer afraid that he might just use her and throw her onto the streets. The anxiety of "what if Debu finds out about me and Babu" had ended. How much confidence can such a small thing instill in a woman? That is why she thought that peace of mind settles in only after the wedding engagement. In her innocence, she had no hint that in life, things could turn to dust. Debu was much calmer than she was. He did not even look at the house of the embroidery ladies in Channarayapatna anymore. The girl who until recently had seemed like just a girlfriend now felt completely like a wife. He sits with affection and teaches Prarthana lessons. On days when they go to bed very late, he wakes up early himself, makes coffee, and wakes her up. He has even learned to make simple lentil soup. Whether it is because he quit drinking or not, there is no longer that restlessness in his eyes. His eyes are soft; his speech is as sharp as ever. When they feel sleepy at night, they both hold hands and go for a walk on the road in front of the Gundi Chatra. Sometimes, they wake up at dawn, switch on the geyser, and get into the shower together without saying a word to each other. Prarthana undresses there with hesitation. She knows Debu no longer has the wolfish hunger he once had. He is assured that a physical relationship is an event that can happen anytime in the future with mutual consent. Therefore, he is not in a hurry. But in the soft light of the bathroom, he makes Prarthana stand and just stares at her. His eyes wander all over her, searching for something. Prarthana also knows what he is looking for, but the wounds inflicted by Sujay Malhotra had healed and faded long ago. Still, Debu searches for scars, like memories of those wounds. Perhaps he will keep searching for a lifetime. Whose curse is this?

I do not know how Debu received the news of what happened to Sujay Malhotra when the final exams were beginning. Prarthana, however, as soon as she heard about it, said to herself, "A dog's death!" Sujay, who was so arrogant, had suddenly lost his speech and become paralyzed. He was studying for his exams and had come out of his room at midnight to drink tea. While descending the stairs, he reportedly heard a bird cry out strangely from somewhere near the last step. It felt as if someone stood behind him on the very last step...