By the time everything was unloaded and they returned, it was light out. Himavant was sitting on the sofa talking, his eyes heavy with sleep. However, Urmila looked as if she had just come from a bath; she walked towards him and sat beside him "Urmila, Himu, I like you no matter how you are or what you do. The image of you within me remains; please don't spoil that image," she said. Himavant was slightly stunned and looked at her with pleading eyes. Neither a smile nor anything else emerged. He simply reached out and placed his hand on Urmila’s shoulder; there was some promise in that touch. In the corridor of the inner house, Jabeen walked away impatiently.

They spent a lot of time together now. For Himu, there was no sense of time; he would go to Gadikoppa at some odd hour and return at another. Suddenly, he would start the deep red Esteem car. He drove toward Jog as if he had forgotten that the car had brakes. In that mix of fear and excitement, Urmila would shriek; at the sharp turns, she would lose her balance and lean onto Himavant. Urmila, a girl light as a jasmine flower, had a lovely scent; she was always fragrant, as if she had just emerged from a grove of pandanus. She was not one to spend much time adorning herself, but spotless. "Other than light pink, white clothes suit you very well," Himavant had once said.

The car was speeding towards Jog. Suddenly, at a blind curve, Urmila lost her balance and fell directly into Himavant's lap; it was as if a Parijata flower had fallen along with its dew onto parched, cracked earth. For the first time in so many days, the strings of life within Himavant began to hum. He felt that if he continued to drive at the same speed, he might lose control and cause an accident. He stepped on the brakes, took his foot off the accelerator, brought the vehicle under control, and parked it in the shade of the trees by the side of the road. Urmila remained leaning in his lap, as if asleep. Her eyes were half-closed. Was it the excitement caused by the car's speed? comfort felt by someone who had fallen into an embrace? Or expression of an emotional overflow that had been suppressed for so many days and could not be voiced?