Himavant was telling Sareena that when he had gone to the hostel's night gate, he had seen Prarthana and Kadeeramma walking together. He had told her that he was going to meet Kadeeramma in the room, but he wouldn't tell her what it was about. Sareena asked him to hurry up and join her Himavant said that he had written a letter to the warden and had given it to the receptionist, and that he would be back soon.

When he returned, he found Sareena dressed in a pair of jeans and a light-colored angavastram, holding a bag in her hand. She had gone to the hostel's visitors' room, where she had met a girl named Urmila, who was wearing the same kind similar-colored angavastram. Himavant was surprised to see Urmila, who looked like she had just walked out of a nearby town. Many people were staring at her as she walked by, but Himavant didn't notice anything unusual.

Urmila was the one who had been in a hurry, rushing in and out of the hostel, her head full of thoughts. She state of turmoil, but when she saw Himavant sitting on the sofa, she stopped in her tracks and stood up, her eyes fixed on him. She had been so caught up in her own thoughts that she hadn't even noticed Kadeeramma, who was next to Himavant,

Urmila had been so engrossed in her own world that she hadn't even noticed Kadeeramma, who was sitting on the sofa next to Himavant, her eyes fixed on him. When she saw Himavant's reaction, she was taken aback, and she didn't know what to do. She had never seen anyone react like that before, how to respond.

Prarthana, who was sitting next to Himavant, looked at Urmila with a mixture of surprise and curiosity. She had never seen anyone like Urmila before, and she didn't know what to make of her. Urmila, on the other hand, was still trying to process what had just happened. react like that how to respond.

As the two girls stood there, frozen in time, Himavant looked at them with a mixture of confusion and curiosity. He didn't know what to make of Urmila, and how to respond to her. Prarthana, on the other hand, was still trying to process what had just happened. She had never seen anyone like Urmila before, and she her.