'What will happen to Urmila?' I don't know what is happening. I will lie down like this for a while. Urmila asked, "What is happening?" Himavant did not speak. For a moment, he was reminded of Prarthana. I know, she comes to mind every moment; it is an inescapable curse of this life. When she was with me, she didn't have a car. She didn't have speed, but she had a thousand excuses to lean and lie on my lap. She used to get emotional just like this—even more intoxicated than I was. A warm breath touching the curves of her ears was enough to make her inner peacock feathers flutter. I was like a glowing ember sitting right there. What kind of restraint was mine? Even the last string of a veena, when tightened and tightened, becomes subject to millions of vibrations—I would feel an excitement as if it might snap with a 'snap' at any moment. But how patiently I used to endure all that! How lovingly I used to set it aside every night, saying, 'Let it be for tomorrow.' Was what I had not goodness? Does goodness extract such heavy taxes? What did that girl leave behind for me? I became a man unreachable to anyone, didn't I? How did Prarthana change so quickly? Is two and a half years such a long time that even loyalty can change? If so, what is the lifespan of a woman's loyalty? What did Prarthana succumb to? His handsomeness? Money? The car? The speed of the car? How many places did they travel? How many such unexpected turns were there? How many times had she, just like Urmila now, pleaded with Debu, "Don't push me away," and sighed? The moment he thought this, a chill ran from the heels of Himavant’s feet, and his face turned dark. He looked at Urmila, who was still lying on his lap. She was still in the same state of ecstasy. However, he realized that he was stroking her forehead without even being aware of it. Was there passion in that stroking? He shook his head abruptly. This is impossible in this life. His hand, placed on her forehead, became numb and still. It happens to everyone like this. It must have happened to Prarthana for the first time too. Wasn't that why Prarthana used to panic and run to Shivamogga? Now he understood. He felt an unbearable guilt growing inside him. She used to shower him with kisses as if there were no tomorrow, "Accept me right now; I might leave tomorrow, so hold me tight, Himu. I might make a mistake," she would plead with her silent eyes. That was love.