Tell me the reason / 287

"Let's send her for treatment. Every time I see her, she seems to be making herself an outsider. Is that the reason you have kept Jabeen in the house, just for that job?" Urmila felt like saying this to Himavant, but for some reason, she couldn't. Whatever she thought, Jabeen always seemed like a mystery to her. Himavant had gone quiet, as if there was no room for talk about Ekananda. However, from the day he returned, he had immersed himself in the layout work. Whenever he sat down to work, it was as if a giant force took hold of him; there was such dedication in the work he undertook. "This man works eighteen hours a day; is such hard labor necessary to forget the betrayal of one girl?" she used to think. But amidst all that, Himavant would make time to take Urmila for a walk or a long drive in the evenings. What Urmila noticed was that on days when they were certain to be away from the house for four or five hours, he would take Jabeen into his room just before leaving and bolt the door from the inside for five to ten minutes. Before that, Himavant would have bathed; he would be wearing fresh clothes, his hair neatly combed, and he would be ready to head out with Urmila. If one observed him after he came out from being alone with Jabeen in the room for ten minutes, his clothes would not be rumpled, his hair would not be disheveled, and there would be no sign of any confusion on his face. But even by mistake, he would never let Urmila enter that room to peek and see how Jabeen was doing. As soon as he came out of the room, he would take Urmila out, lock the front door himself, and walk away. By the time they returned, Jabeen would be sitting on the sofa in the hall as usual, looking like someone who had just woken up from sleep, with the satisfaction of deep slumber in her eyes. "Before leaving, does Himavant put her into hypnosis and make her sleep for exactly that many hours? Is that possible through hypnosis?" Urmila thought that she should ask the professor when she went to Davanagere next time. That was all; she never even dreamt that there could be some bizarre story behind Jabeen's silence or behind her sleep. The matter that truly disturbed Urmila was Himavant suddenly getting up and leaving in the middle of the night under the pretext that the stone truck had arrived! He would find one excuse or another to stay out of the house all night, leaving Jabeen under guard. As soon as he left, the atmosphere around Urmila...