He trimmed his overgrown beard. He went to his favorite restaurant and ate to his heart's content, as if he had been starving for days. While eating curd rice, he didn't even remember Prarthana. He walked out after telling himself a small lie. It was already afternoon. He came to the stone house and lay down, but sleep did not come. He could not understand if it was because of sorrow or the excitement of a new life. For the first time in two and a half years, everything he was doing now was for himself. This dream was entirely private. It had no partners. In this dream, there was no Prarthana, no hospital, no deity in the sanctum sanctorum, and no partnership with Shantappa in business. In fact, there wasn't even another person’s name here. Is my mother alive? If she isn't alive, then for whom am I doing all this? As he asked himself this, a drop of water, the size of a rangoli dot, welled up in his eyes. He felt that despite wandering everywhere, returning from everywhere, and conquering everything, the question eventually ends up right back where it started. He suddenly felt that he might even lose the life he had continued solely to hate Prarthana. He thought of opening the iron box once more. His mind did not agree. "God, let me not forget this hatred. I have already lost in love; let me at least win in hatred," his inner self prayed. He woke up in the evening, washed his face, and wore new clothes. Though he had not decided where to go, he thought of stepping out of the house. As he reached the front door, something felt like a stone shifting in Himavant’s heart. He had suddenly found a strong reason to hate Prarthana until the very end: Urmila was standing in the courtyard!

He was dressed in brand-new clothes, which he had worn with great care. He had put on soft socks on both feet and had tied the laces of one shoe. He was about to reach for the other lace when he saw Urmila. Even though he exclaimed, "What a surprise!" in this open space, in his mind, he thought that he should have been left alone today.