"Tell me the reason why," 284
"I wrote you a letter, mother." Was something even more terrifying than what happened to Sarvamangala going to happen to Debu now? She was restless. Would there be such a precise punishment for a deception? As for Prarthana, the deception she had committed? For some reason, she did not even have the heart to think about Himavant, nor did she have the time to do so. Two days later, the family doctor had taken Debu to a specialist who examined him as a psychiatric patient. By then, Debu's behavior had completely spiraled out of control. He had started saying that he repeatedly heard someone calling out to him; if any of the children in the house turned on the TV, he would start muttering that Sarvamangala was appearing on it, talking about him, or telling something to someone. The doctors conducted dozens of tests and finally gave a name to Debu's illness: Schizophrenia! But by the third day after that, a repulsive sore had appeared at the corner of Debu’s lip. There were small black patches here and there on his body. Only a few days ago, the prince-like Debu, who had arrived in a Mercedes and caught the eyes of thousands, now looked so repulsive that one would find it difficult to look at him a second time while he lay on the bed. After the family doctor injected a needle into the vein of Debu's forearm to draw a blood sample, he handed a plastic bottle to Prarthana and told her to collect and send a urine sample by evening. The explanation of the matter was in his tone; the patches on Debu's body and the sore on the side of his mouth indicated a venereal disease. It only needed to be confirmed by the blood test. There was a possibility that his strange behavior and the venereal disease he might have were related. If that were true, Debu would require long-term treatment. "In a few days, Debu will start to smell terrible!" Prarthana’s eyes were filled with tears. "Those were just words of a day. I used to wish that a good girl would be found and our boy’s life would change, as any father of a wayward son would wish. But today, standing in your father's place, listen to me, daughter: Do not keep company with Debu. The time for him to suffer his curse has begun. Had you been married, it would have been a different matter. You are still young. I will take responsibility for your education, your expenses, your future, and even your trip to America—you are like a daughter to me. Debu will not return to college. You are mine."