Tell Me Why / 312 

"Are you doing well, Himu?" she asked. After that, nothing happened. Doctor, I had given her some instructions on what needed to be done before I arrived. Before hanging up, I made only one request to her: "Vaibhav has made a mistake, please forgive him, Prarthana." I don’t remember what she answered to that. I didn’t have the strength to listen. For the first time, God was so powerless; the monster inside me had died. In what state is Prarthana? I must leave; I must leave; the only yearning was to see her. I left with you. In the fields of Gadikoppa, I even performed a 'stambhana' (a ritual to halt) for the deadly experiment I had conducted myself. The body has become like a dried-up tree. "I must finish a puja today by sitting in front of Debu’s cot, facing northeast. After that, just one morsel of food and then sleep." If only this one night passes without anxiety, Debu will survive.

Throughout the journey, Himavant kept speaking in a continuous, monotonous tone. Even though he was addressing Urmila, for some reason, it felt to Urmila as if he were explaining things to himself. "Did I know beforehand that all this would happen? Now, everything feels strange. Before? Before falling in love? Before admitting her to the Davanagere college? Or before deciding that I should make her walk barefoot from Channarayapatna all the way to Shivamogga? When did my inner mind suspect doom, Doctor? I truly don’t know. Her clothes, her hair, her fingernails... why did I keep them all? Why was there such preparation in me, days before all this happened? I am a very strong man. I am a man with the fortitude to hold up a mountain with both hands if it were to collapse on me while I rose from the earth. No sorrow that haunts ordinary men can haunt me. That is what I thought, Doctor. There was an insecurity. But deep down, somewhere in the depths, I was very weak. She died. My father used to haunt me from childhood; mother never gave me love. I didn’t even get enough food. Someone who grew up in other people's homes, where else could he find love in this journey of life? Only one person loved me a lot, but even they were lost. After that, I didn’t get attached to anyone. I wasn't even sure if I loved Prarthana. When I sent her out of the house..."