Tell me the reason / 259

It felt as though they had settled down. Prarthana would blossom with joy every time she passed an exam successfully, and Himavant would be happy for her. Even when they finished one after another, the day the doctor couple would return to India from America by plane kept appearing and disappearing before Prarthana's eyes. In the middle of the night, if she were studying, Himavant would lie in her lap like a young boy, searching for her navel. If they were just lying there, he would snuggle up to her and count the moles on her body. Just like a young boy and girl who have reached puberty and don’t quite know what to do with their bodies, just looking at each other with longing—they were in that state. For Prarthana, that was the happiest time of her life; she didn’t even remember Himavant.

For Himavant, nothing existed but her. Mercy and cruelty, forgiveness and punishment, love and hatred; his mind oscillated between life and death. Sometimes, he would sit alone and weep. He would hug a pillow named Prarthana. He would bang his forehead against the walls of the stone house and wail. He would climb to the terrace of his old room, lie flat on his back, and shed tears all night long. Suddenly, as if remembering something, he would think, "I haven't sent money to Prarthana this month, have I?" and would rush to the bank and stand there. He would wonder if he could somehow prepare sweets and get them delivered to her. He would ask himself, "Does Prarthana remember me, just as I remember her?" It wasn't possible. "Those who leave kill the memories behind them, but for those who are left behind, only the memories of those who left remain!" he would tell himself. One night, Urmila was sitting in the inner room of the stone house, studying diligently for her exams. Every now and then, she would jot down notes on a small piece of paper. Himavant, who was sitting on the veranda, walked in as if in a trance and said, "Urmila, I need a pen." He leaned forward himself and picked up a sheet of paper. He sat near the leg of her table and wrote: "Prarthana, are you doing well? Is leaving someone this easy? I don't know how you are, as if you have died. If it were the old days, I would have had some peace of mind."