Within a few hours, Himavant, the boy who used to sell sweets, had purchased an acre-wide field in Gadicappa. On that land, he had signed a deal to build an incredibly rare, massive layout that no rich man in Shivamogga could have even imagined in his wildest dreams. Two and a half years ago, he had pleaded with an architect to prepare the blueprint for Prarthana Layout; now, he went to the same architect, placed a bundle of twenty thousand rupees on his table, and said, "I need the layout design by this evening." He had gone and given a fifty-thousand-rupee advance to the farmer who sold the barren land. To the stone-cutters, the road pavers, those installing electric poles, and those bringing in laborers—he had given small advances to everyone. Knowing Himavant’s name and the reputation of the Prarthana Layout he had raised in two and a half years, no one discussed money with him. No one asked when he would pay the large sums. But the architect preparing the map for the new layout asked without hesitation: "What name will you give Himavant?" "Prarthana!" Himavant finished saying without even a second thought. Later, he wondered to himself if such a name had even crossed his imagination. By afternoon, all those dealings were quickly finished. He got on his moped and started toward Gadicappa, but for some reason, as he was coming down Nehru Road, he changed his mind. He left the moped on the side of the road and walked into a clothing store with a leisurely gait. "New clothes for a new life!" an exclamation escaped his lips. The salesman at the clothing store looked up, as if he did not understand what he had said. Himavant did not reply. When he stepped out of the store, he was carrying ten sets of the most attractive, expensive clothes. Walking a little further down the same road, he bought well-crafted leather sandals and an expensive pair of boots. Do clothes change a man? Do they change his world? He did not know. But the world looks at a man’s clothes, and a man should keep changing his clothes! He felt satisfied when he told himself that. A man who never had anything before, he sat with such satisfaction that day, getting a neat haircut, with a face devoid of worry.