This life cannot be endured by carrying it [as a burden] alone. Whether it was Himavant’s, or whether what she was doing was a betrayal, she had admitted to herself deep down. It was not a momentary decision, nor was it a deception sold in haste. It was only after she had systematically killed the innocent Prarthana within herself that she had established Debu in her heart. Let the world say what it wants; it was not a flirtation. Prarthana might be a deceiver, but that was in the past; she could not correct the past. Wasn't that the very reason she had come all the way to get Himavant? Everything had to be searched for and finished by this night.

Although it felt true that the car’s bright lights had suddenly appeared, Debu said, "It is good that you came. Do not hurt Himavant’s mind unnecessarily. When he left for Shivamogga, I did not have the slightest hint that Himavant would do something like this. Just as you went to Shivamurthy’s and from there searched for the fields of Gaadikoppa and arrived here, I too have searched and arrived. I am younger than you. I have been more honest with you than anyone else. Today, I am in a state that feels terrible; I need your support. Himu is very shocked. I am not afraid of his anger; I am afraid of the curse that his god-like heart might cast. Please, be with me. Let us both convince Himu; handling him is not something I can do alone. Stay with me, please Debu..." Saying this, she buried her face in his chest and began to sob.

Debu suddenly softened. He did not see any deceit in any of Prarthana’s words; all her confusion became clear to him. It was he who had broken her away from Himavant, who had loved her so much like a god, and drawn her towards himself. At first, it had all felt like a game. Then, it sprouted into pure desire. Now, it stands at the threshold of marriage. If he had not loved Prarthana so deeply, he would not have come searching all the way to the Gaadikoppa fields at this late hour. "Prarthana, my wife..." he thought to himself.

In the darkness, Himavant sat there hugging her shoulders just like that. It was then that Himavant’s eyes, which had begun to narrate the story of the hill, grew sharp! When was that? Was it when he had brought Prarthana along, leaving Achayya’s monastery, when his finger hit a sharp stone and the big toe...