Reason to Tell / 215

But how much of a hunger it was for opulence; Prarthana wondered if perhaps celebration didn't have a hunger of its own. Once the festivities were over, as she took off all the jewelry she had worn and entered the room that had been left for her, she began to extinguish the lamps. Suddenly, for some reason, Himavant started coming to her memory like a stinging wound. Where was I, and where have I ended up? Where are you, Mitra? Did I leave you behind, or did you get lost? I remember you taking me from the courtyard of the white school to your nest-like house in Shivamogga. holding my hand and leading me. kissing the injury on my thumb. Your house was small... but I remember filling it completely. Today, Dev has filled the house, but he himself is not by my side. Back then, you had I didn't stay in that house. Why did this happen, Himu? Where was I, and where have I come to? Where were you left behind?

The mansion was silent. Near the compound gate, under a dim light, a Gorkha sat on a small stool, singing something to himself. Although the song was unclear, Prarthana understood that there was some kind of pain in the melody. Had she walked down the bungalow steps and stood behind the Gorkha without making a sound, she might have known. He was singing a Mukesh song: "Ruk gaye ho toh mujhe yaad bhi aaya na karo... aawaaz na do!"

That very day, Himavant had sold all the sites in the layout and had gone to Shanthappa’s house to hand over the accounts. There was still a lot of work left, but all the money that was supposed to come had been received. "If I settle the accounts up to this stage, it will be better for both of us. Along with these accounts, there are also the details of the loan I took from you for Prarthana's sake. the expenses incurred for food and travel over these twenty days. Every single rupee is accounted for—there is no difference. Please sit down and check the accounts once," he had said. Shanthappa had not spoken. He had called out to his wife inside the house, "Haimanna has come; bring some coffee," and then turned to Himavant, "Look, brother, I..."