Himavant thought to himself, "Let it be, let it be. I'll make it happen. Prarthana was sitting in the courtyard of Dhaba, her hands folded in prayer. The car was moving slowly, like a funeral procession. I'm not doing anything wrong, am I? She turned to him and asked, "Prarthana? Are you okay? We've been together since our college days, and I've always thought of you as my guiding light. You were my everything, my reason for living. I've always believed that you're the one who makes my life worth living. But now, I'm not so sure. I've been thinking, and I've come to realize that I've been living in a dream world. I've been pretending to be someone I'm not. I've been pretending to be a doctor, but I'm not. I'm just a medical student, and I've been fooling myself into thinking that I'm something I'm not. I've been living in a world of make-believe, and I've been pretending to be someone I'm not. I've been lying to myself, and I've been lying to you. I'm sorry, Prarthana. I'm sorry for everything. I don't know what I'm doing, and I don't know who I am. I'm just a mess, and I don't know how to fix myself. I'm scared, Prarthana. I'm scared of who I am, and I'm scared of what I've become. I'm scared of losing you, and I'm scared of losing myself. I don't know what to do, Prarthana. I don't know how to make things right. I don't know how to make you happy. I don't know how to make myself happy. I'm just a mess, and I don't know how to fix myself. I'm sorry, Prarthana. I'm sorry for everything."

As he spoke, he felt a sense of relief wash over him. He felt like he had finally been able to express himself, to let out all the emotions that had been bottled up inside him. He felt like he had finally been able to be honest with himself and with Prarthana.

But as he looked at Prarthana, he saw that she was not looking at him. She was staring at something behind him, and her eyes were wide with fear. Himavant turned to see what she was looking at, and he saw a vision of himself, standing on the edge of a cliff, looking out at the vast expanse of the ocean. He saw himself as a young man, full of hope and dreams, and he saw himself as an old man, worn down by the trials and tribulations of life.

Himavant felt a sense of shock and awe wash over him. He had never seen anything like this before. He had never seen a vision of himself like this before. He felt like he was being shown a glimpse of his own mortality, and it was a sobering thought.

He turned back to Prarthana, and he saw that she was still staring at him, her eyes wide with fear. He knew that he had to tell her what he had seen, to tell her about the vision that he had had. He took a deep breath, and he began to speak.

"Prarthana, I've seen something," he said. "I've seen a vision of myself, standing on the edge of a cliff, looking out at the ocean. I've seen myself as a young man, full of hope and dreams, and I've seen myself as an old man, worn down by the trials and tribulations of life. I don't know what it means, Prarthana. I don't know what it's trying to tell me. But I know that it's trying to tell me something. I know that it's trying to tell me that I'm not invincible, that I'm not immortal. I'm just a human being, Prarthana, and I'm subject to the same frailties and weaknesses as everyone else. I'm scared, Prarthana. I'm scared of what the future holds, and I'm scared of what I've become. But I know that I have to face it, Prarthana. I have to face my fears, and I have to face my mortality. I have to be honest with myself, and I have to be honest with you."

As he spoke, he felt a sense of relief wash over him. He felt like he had finally been able to express himself, to let out all the emotions that had been bottled up inside him. He felt like he had finally been able to be honest with himself and with Prarthana.

But as he looked at Prarthana, he saw that she was not looking at him. She was staring