"Give me two minutes," he said, helping the girl put on her clothes. She had come wearing a saree, of all things; stupid girl. It would have been better if he had sent her away in the afternoon. Even called her over at night, no disaster would have occurred. Besides, where was the difference between day and night for the girls of Kaveramma’s house? But Kaveramma had been in a rush. The girl wasn't from here; she was from Mangaluru, and had to catch the night bus back. "Send her back by seven-thirty or eight," she had insisted. Her anxieties were always of this sort. But what had possessed him? Instead of having her brought all the way here, wouldn't it have been better if he had gone to Kaveramma’s house himself? For him, that wasn’t a forbidden place to visit; in this one aspect of life, nothing was taboo for him. But what had been aroused today was not mere desire. It was not just lust. It was someone who had suddenly risen and manifested from deep within him; someone he could probably never suppress—the flirtatious Debu inside him!

Ever since he left the hostel and rented this house located in the row behind Gundi Choultry, his mind had been restless. How different was he from a debauched husband whose mind yearns to bring another woman home by evening the very moment his wife leaves for her parents’ house? There was absolutely no difference between them. He had personally overseen the decoration of this rented house. Curtains here, a vase there; on the table, a photograph of himself, underneath which was written in a small hand: *Call me by my name*; books on the desk; on the wall, a picture of a semi-naked woman whose navel had been depicted as an ashtray; Poet Tagore's portrait a bedspread with light pink patterns on the bed; a half-wall-high full-length mirror staring directly at richly fragrant air freshener in the bathroom, and on its wall, a picture of two angry cobras standing erect and locked in an embrace. He knew this much: no girl who walked into this room would ever return with her saree uncrumpled.

But the women from Kaveramma’s house didn't care for any of this. They wanted a man, and he had to be generous. If he pulled out a bottle of champagne from his liquor cabinet and poured it for them, there were no better companions than these women. But he required ambience. Debu was not a ravenous glutton who devoured his food in a hurry; his was a royal hunt. He had ensured that every tiny detail of the room was exactly as he desired. He had searched far and wide to bring back four or five varieties of orchids, placing them in small pots. From the day he rented it until today, he had not allowed a single friend to set foot inside this house. Those who entered this house...