She was reveling in the feeling of being cherished. Would she be liked by both of them? And if, by chance, they did not like her? Would she defy them and still marry Debu? But how could she know until they met? Wasn't father coming from Channarayapatna only after the first round of talks? That man would agree to this marriage; there was no question of him not agreeing. She no longer held any respect for him, yet his presence was necessary for the talks—at least for the sake of formality. If only Himavant were here at such a celebratory moment! Before she could finish the thought, Prarthana fell asleep. However, the one who tossed and turned all night without a wink of sleep was Urmila. Suddenly sitting bolt upright in the middle of the night, she felt like heading straight to Shivamogga. Realizing this was no time to leave, she recited a prayer in her mind and calmed down. Her heart would sometimes soften towards Prarthana. As she herself had said, she was the youngest of them all; let things happen as she wished. Who knew? Perhaps Debu would change. A person who has reached the extreme of decadence can suddenly discard all that indulgence and become a gentleman. Why talk of others? Look at me, for instance. Today, the very thought of a cigarette feels repulsive; the mere mention of whiskey is sickening. Debu, too, might change. Both their lives could become beautiful. But what of Himavant’s fate? 

An indistinct image of Himavant began to drift across the canvas of Urmila’s mind—Himavant, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the open fields of Gadikoppa, sketching a lovely blueprint of a hospital. In his imagination, he wondered: at which portico’s shade would Prarthana’s car be parked if she arrived suddenly? And through which door could he enter to reach the pregnant woman crying out in the throes of labor most quickly? At which corner of the hospital terrace could she curl up and sing to her heart’s content when she was overjoyed? Where would the visitors meet and talk to her instead of the patients? So many dreams he built. What if she is young? Can she betray such a Himavant? Even if she does and gets away with it, will she ever be happy? One may not believe in curses, but the sigh of a love betrayed will never let anyone live in peace. Whatever else may be, once a girl comes of age, a shadow or two from an unexpected stranger is bound to drift through her life. Does she need an example better than herself? After returning from Kodagu, she had felt that life without him was no life at all. And then… he had drifted away, and Debu had arrived.