Himavant had said, "Let it be, it's 2x0." Prarthana had spoken without checking, as usual. She had spoken too much, and now she was getting sleepy. She lay down on her bed, in the mosquito net, and as the lights went off, Himavant got down from the bed and switched off the bedside light so that it wouldn't make any noise. He went to his bed and lay down, but he didn't know that Prarthana was still awake. He lay down beside her, and as he did, he gently placed his hand on her forehead. He whispered, "You are a very good girl, Prarthana," and kissed her forehead. That night, Prarthana, the young girl, slept like a mole, snuggled up beside Himavant.

At the same time, in the house of Debashish Chandrakant Bandopadhyay, a handsome young man from Hyderabad, it was a different scene. Debashish was not feeling well, and a family doctor had been called. Prarthana, Debashish's mother, was sitting beside his bed, and his father, Chandranath Bandopadhyay, was sitting on the floor, holding Debashish in his arms. Debashish was struggling to breathe, was trying to calm him down. The family doctor had been called, but he hadn't arrived yet.

As the doctor was on his way, Debashish's father and mother were getting more and more worried. They knew that Debashish's condition was serious, but they didn't know what was wrong with him. Debashish had never mentioned his symptoms to anyone, and the family was in a state of panic.

The house, called "Himanshu," was in a state of chaos. The family shock, and they didn't know what to do. Chandranath Bandopadhyay and Prarthana were the most worried, as they knew that Debashish's condition was critical. They had been to Davanagere, where Debashish's father, Shivraj, was the owner of a medical school, and they had seen the body of his friend, Sarvavunga, who had died under mysterious circumstances. similar to Sarvavunga's, but they didn't know what was causing it.

As the family waited for the doctor to arrive, they were getting more and more anxious. They knew that Debashish's life was in danger, and they were doing everything they could to save him. But they didn't know what was wrong with him, and worried by the minute.