Himavant asked, "Is it over?" You called me and I came to one gavimath alone. I walked into the gavimath even with a tiger's den. What if I had taken your hand and walked with you tonight? You wouldn't have forgotten the night we spent at the gavimath, would you? My mind is completely turned towards you, my longing for you is as intense as a cry, and it's not just because of the curse. The curse is as much mine as it is yours. We got up early the next morning, had breakfast, and boarded a bus from Beeroor. We had two bananas and some water, and it seemed like we had eaten a meal. We crossed Kaddoor and reached the banks of the Bannavara. We also returned the small Bannavara to its original place, and then Himavant got up, looking tired, and asked the driver to stop the bus. The place where the bus stopped was not a big open space; it was a short distance from Cheluvanalli, where the gavimath is located. If it had been daylight, one could have seen the gavimath from there. But it was dark, and the gavimath was surrounded by darkness from all sides. It was as if it was about to sink into the darkness. If there were anyone inside the gavimath, they would have been in a state of panic. But there was no one inside the gavimath. It was as if the gavimath had been abandoned. We crossed the Channarayapatna hoblies and the railway track and were approaching the Bendekere area when Prarthana's eyes began to droop. If she had taken two more steps, she would have reached Cheluvanalli. But she was tired, and her eyes were drooping. It was almost evening, and the night was approaching. The darkness was spreading to the gavimath from all sides. If there was anyone inside the gavimath, they would have been in a state of panic. But there was no one inside the gavimath. It was as if the gavimath had been abandoned. We reached the gavimath, and Himavant sat down on a stone bench at the entrance. I sat down next to him, and we both looked at the darkness. It was as if we were waiting for something to happen. The darkness was so thick that one couldn't see anything. I was thinking that if we were to wait here for a while, we might get some light. But it was not to be. The darkness was too thick, and we couldn't see anything. Just then, a voice called out from the entrance of the gavimath. "Chandrashekhara!" It was a old man's voice. He was standing at the entrance of the gavimath, holding a lantern in his hand. His face was also lit up by the lantern, and he looked like a ghost. He called out again, "Chandrashekhara!" But there was no response. He called out again, and this time his voice was louder. "Chandrashekhara!" But there was still no response. The old man looked at us, and his eyes were fixed on us. He took a step forward, and the lantern in his hand cast a strange glow on the darkness.