Prarthana said that day, "Prarthana, if anything happens to Debu..." Sujay shivered. "But..." she interrupted, pressing the cruise control button. "You come with me." Just as she was about to return, she thought, "Oh, he's going to the dhaba with the boot owner." "What a coincidence, isn't it? I'm going to the dhaba with my roommate Debu." Prarthana, who had just experienced something with Sujay, began to enjoy it. Within a surprising stride, Sujay, dressed in a dark t-shirt, white pants, and a Pathani suit, appeared before her on his motorcycle. There was surprise in his eyes. She quickly got on the seat behind the motorcycle and held Sujay's back with her right hand. She felt it would have been better if she had worn a churidar instead of a saree today. As Sujay's motorcycle moved slowly towards the Pune road, the wind blowing said, "Sujay took a bath a little while ago. Some powder is emanating from his back. He smells like a newly bathed elephant. Humming some old song while driving..." She held his shoulder even tighter. Debu felt like she was groaning somewhere far away. It wasn't a joke. She hadn't brought Sujay out tonight as a mere excuse to hurt Debu. If Debu could roll around with that Mangalorean body all afternoon, she too could sit clinging to Sujay's back until they reached the dhaba. If Urmila and Debu could roam around in the Mercedes at an odd hour, she too could drink wine with Sujay at the dhaba, looking into his eyes. "May this night truly be a happy one. Let Debu die! Debu, goodbye," she told herself. Prarthana was even more pleased to see four couples from their college at the dhaba. "Tomorrow morning, Debu will get the news!" She called the dhaba boy and ordered herself. Sujay was reluctant to drink whiskey, but he was not a man of few words. She ordered a gin for herself and started the conversation. "Why did you remember me today? Where is Debu?" Sujay asked. "He is with Urmila," she said, her voice devoid of warmth. "Oh, is that why you remembered me?" Sujay smirked.