Who were they all to him, anyway? He, his intellect, that richness—they were all a world apart. None of them were his equals. If some Prarthana were to spend half the night on the Harihara road with some Sujay Malhotra, with her body marked and bruised—why should he be so troubled? This was not love, nor friendship, nor loyalty, nor even sorrow; it was merely a knot of suspicion. She had no loyalty whatsoever. The same woman who had bowed her forehead to Himavant’s feet and prayed to him, taught him the lessons of restraint to curb his desires and longings, was the one who had now returned with her body marked on the Harihara road! He felt she wasn't even worth his grief. Yet, the moment he felt like detaching himself from here and leaving for somewhere else, why did the memory of that Himavant from Shivamogga—leaving everyone else behind—suddenly surface in his inner mind? The very man was a comfort. Perhaps, for the first time since his father, he was able to love a man this much. If he left Davangere now, his car would find its way to Shivamogga on its own. When he first saw him, he had seemed like such a dull, insipid man. Seeing Prarthana’s forehead touch his feet, he had marveled at how such men were worthy of such devotional love. Gradually, a jealousy had grown toward Himavant. But that day, when he had chased him down in his car? He had felt as though he had achieved a victory over that man. He had labored under the illusion that he was a god, hadn't he? that he had broken that illusion and reduced him to a mere mortal. He had convinced himself powerful enough to snatch a girl like Prarthana from the embrace of such a god-like man. But today, he did not feel that way. He was right. He was truly a god. Perhaps that is why Himavant remains a devotee to his god, while his Prarthana here is gradually becoming a discordant note. In his embrace, she is melting away like a moth caught in a spider’s web. The moment to end this is not far off. And yet, Himavant lives in peace in Shivamogga; he is ruled only by faith. Loyalty sustains him, and his love elevates him. But what about him? Prarthana, whom he snatched from Himavant, is now in his own arms. She is ready for everything now, but the hearth inside his own breast has gone cold. There is no desire left for the body of the woman who returned from the Harihara road; wherever he touches her, it feels like...