The blood and marrow in my body might melt away and dissolve while sitting here; even my skin piece by piece and discharge, I wouldn’t know. But life, now, is only a memory; it will not return. The reason is that it has already departed towards Debu. For a while, I sat crouched like a worm in front of the iron box—why, I don’t know. Everything felt repulsive, so I crawled towards the front room. Prarthana had been here. She who was here is no longer here; physically, she is gone. Could it be that she was so terrified that she transformed the very environment she sat in? If Prarthana were still sitting here, wouldn't she have felt the same despair? What was her state of mind? Who knows? If she were right before my eyes, would I have questioned everything? Even Debu—had my love become so weak? Weak enough to endure being in Debu’s embrace? I don’t know. Perhaps it is not weakness. When one loves deeply, one inevitably falls into such compromises. If a husband, having lived for years, suddenly brings home some other woman, doesn't the wife endure it? If she were in front of me, I could have managed somehow. Sooner or later, I would have turned her back towards me. Love does not go empty. Can she, who defied me and left for Debu, not return to me? Prarthana is still young, innocent, and unaware of the world; she has made all these decisions without knowing. She must understand that Himavant’s love is greater than the infatuation with Debu. At the very least, she must realize that Himavant’s world is much smaller than Debu’s, and in it, there is no place for any soul other than Prarthana’s. If she realizes even that much, it is enough; Prarthana will return. When will she come? I do not know. Will she return someday? If she comes, will I accept her? My mind wavered. Didn't I accept Prarthana alone when she came walking from the outskirts of Channarayapatna to this very bus stand? Did only because she was alone and empty-handed? Wasn't there selfishness in that acceptance too? "My Prarthana, my friend, my Prarthana, my girl"—the one who would become my wife in every sense I imagined; my doctor. Doesn't that mean I am very selfish? Don't I love her deeply? Love, after all, is nothing but selfishness...