"No, Prarthana; it is not just that. I had decided that until you told me yourself, I would not go looking for proof of your deceits and ruin my own peace of mind. I stayed silent, thinking that even if it were an illusion, I wanted the end of the kite’s string to remain in my hand for a few more days. Perhaps I could have tried to keep you? But there was the risk that the more I tried, the further you would drift away from me. Besides, am I such an insensitive human that I couldn't understand the deceit of the girl I loved so much, at every single step? Every step you took toward Debu passed right through me. I didn't stop you. I didn't ask why. I stayed silent, not because I didn't understand your deception, but for fear that if I asked, my dream would shatter. Like a boy who has lost his kite, I had a crazy hope that someday it would descend on its own; that it would tell me the reason it slipped away. And if it didn't tell me, I would stop it with my hands and ask: 'Tell me the reason before you go!'

Somewhere, once it became certain that you were slipping away, I had this desire to become a 'Mahatma'. A stubbornness to see that dream through to the end, even knowing that everything would eventually turn out to be a lie. A crazy hope that, at the very least, you would keep your deception hidden for five years—a foolishness to willingly endure such betrayal. But Prarthana, how good you are! You couldn't even hide the truth that the dream had branched off from me. If you hadn't come to Gadi-koppa and blurted out, 'I am marrying someone else,' perhaps my dream and my happiness would have continued for another two and a half years.

The anger I felt was not at you. It was not at your deception. It was the distress of seeing my dream broken in half. That is why I was angry; that is why I did all the things I shouldn't have. Today, everything needs to find an end. I left the half-grown dream lying in the fields of Gadi-koppa, and the other half is smoldering in a Davanagere college. Do you know, my friend, how unbearable life becomes if it doesn't see an end? Just as I promised, I have saved Debu's life. Now, it is your turn. Will you fulfill one wish of mine, Prarthana? Perhaps the last one?"

It was evident that Himavant, who had been speaking incessantly, was growing exhausted; but as he asked the final question, his eyes suddenly became moist. "Will you fulfill my last wish?"