It had been fifteen minutes since Prarthana had parted ways with Himavant and Debhu in the dhaba near the road. She had stopped in her tracks, her heart pounding in her chest, when she saw Himavant sitting on the motorbike, his leg stretched out on the ground. His eyes were sunken, his face pale, and his head hung low. She had never seen him like this before. It was as if he had been through a nightmare. She had been in a hurry to get back to the hostel after lunch, but seeing Himavant like this had made her forget everything else.

She approached him cautiously, her mind racing with questions. What had happened? Had he had a fight? Had something happened to Debhu? Had he met with an accident? She couldn't bear the thought of anything happening to him. She had always thought of him as a strong and brave person, but now he looked so vulnerable.

"Are you okay?" she asked, trying to keep her voice steady. "You look like you've seen a ghost."

Himavant looked up at her, his eyes vacant. "I...I don't know," he stammered. "I was driving back to Davanagere, and then I saw you...and I just stopped."

Prarthana's eyes widened in surprise. "You were driving back to Davanagere? But you said you were going to Shivamogga?"

Himavant shook his head, his eyes still unfocused. "I don't know what happened. I just got on the bike and started driving. I didn't even realize where I was going."

Prarthana's heart went out to him. She could see the pain and confusion in his eyes. She sat down beside him, trying to comfort him. "It's okay, Himavant. Whatever happened, it's okay. You're safe now."

Himavant looked at her, his eyes slowly focusing. "I'm sorry, Prarthana. I don't know what came over me. I just felt so...so lost."

Prarthana took his hand in hers, trying to reassure him. "You're not lost, Himavant. You're with me. And I'm here to help you."

Himavant looked at her, a faint smile on his face. "Thanks, Prarthana. I feel a little better now."

Prarthana smiled back at him, feeling a sense of relief wash over her. She knew that Himavant was going to be okay, and that was all that mattered.