Himavant had said, "Whoever touches Prarthana should not remain alive!" As for how Himavant came to know about Sujay, or any other man for that matter, having been with Prarthana, it was she who had let it slip. Before she left, on a day when their minds were at ease before the exams, Debu, Prarthana, and Urmi had finished their meal at a dhaba. That day, while Prarthana was venting about some issue regarding Sujay, she had let it slip that both girls had vacated their room before the exams. Prarthana, who had migrated to a small house, had poured out all her confusion to Debu, who sat there ready to study. There was no urgent need to study. He would sit and flip through his books once in the evening. After that, he would sit with Prarthana until the early hours of the morning, teaching her subjects. Even by mistake, they did not engage in anything else; because the pressure of the exams was so intense, neither of them had the focus. However, their relationship had grown deep. Once the confusion had cleared and they had grown closer to each other, Debu had said to her directly, "It feels as if a thorn has been removed from my throat, now that you have told Himavant directly! I know, he is a very good man; he loved you honestly. But you were the one who loved me! Whatever it may be, Prarthana, if any man finds out that his girl is acquainted with someone better than him, he is bound to be scared. You women melt easily for kindness."

"Aren't you a good person? There are so many good people in the world, but it is enough if my man is good to me. I have always liked your kindness, Debu Babu." Prarthana had ended the conversation that day, but she knew herself that there was no honesty in her words. Debu was not a better man than Himavant. He was a god; he was a friend; he was a mother; but Debu was the sum total of thousands of desires. He was her man. Still, she felt uneasy that he had called Himavant a "thorn in the throat." She was the one who had been a barbed-wire fence throughout Himavant’s entire life. Forgiving was not that easy. Perhaps due to the pressure of the exams, Prarthana was experiencing intense emotional turbulence.