As a small remedy for her boredom and loneliness, Prarthana had gone to Shivamogga. Knowing everything, she was questioning Urmila about matters that were already clear. "Do you think I love Himavant, Didi?" Prarthana asked. Urmila countered with another question, "I don't know, Didi. But I do know that you want Himavant to be loved. It certainly doesn't feel like things will be alright anytime soon. I get anxious thinking about what he might do if he is left alone. He is very emotional. His only sister, Nandakka, has also left him. Apart from Shantappa, he has no one else, no friends. Rasool Jamadar doesn't understand everything. Even Ajjayya is no more. Apart from that, Himavant has no other world. He is not a man who yearns for material happiness; even clear water won't taste good in a place without love. You know how he behaves when he goes to Kaveramma’s house. I get scared thinking about it, Didi. If I leave him alone in such a vast field, I feel like I won't be able to go anywhere. Is he truly in love with me? I am the same; I cannot think of anything else. But Didi, who will take care of Himavant? Who understands him better than you? Who can console you?"

Urmila said, "I don't know what you think as a doctor. As a woman, I am confident that whoever stays with Himavant will be at peace until the end. It’s not just about you... I just hope Himavant forgets me and marries another girl. That way, this guilt that haunts me until I die... I couldn't bear it, that's why I asked. I had no other intention, Didi," said Prarthana.

Now Urmila understood why all the girls in the world wish for the boy they left behind to marry someone else. It wasn't just because they wanted him to be happy; it was to finish their own guilt by letting him go! What else? 'You got married too, didn't you? So, let's call it quits with an agreement that you stay happy there and I stay happy here.'

"Oh, how simple," Urmila thought. But if she had wished for him to remember her until the end, to die while thinking of her, maybe this girl Prarthana could have been considered honest. But she is not like that; she is telling him to get married only so that she doesn't feel guilty. Is this what goodness is? Are these the ones who are called 'good girls'? it means to offer a confession for breaking someone's heart?