Wearing a white nightie, she was sitting cross-legged in the middle of the bed. Her eyes were closed peacefully, and her breathing was rhythmic. "She has learned meditation," Himavant thought. "Is this the same girl who used to say she would be a servant in Kaveramma’s house?" Without making a sound, he closed the door of the room, turned off the light, switched on the bed lamp, and went to lie down on his own bed. It was a spacious room with two beds and something resembling a dressing table; there was a gap of about two and a half feet between them. In the silence, the rise and fall of Urmila’s breathing could be heard. In the dim light of the bed lamp, she was visible. Perhaps she wasn't as beautiful as Prarthana, but Urmila was lovely.

"Am I not a good person, Himu?" Urmila asked, breaking the silence of the room abruptly as she lay flat on her bed after finishing her thought. It was as if someone had grabbed Himavant by the shoulder and shaken him while he was lost in thought. He immediately sat up. "You... you are a very good person, Urmi. If your goodness hadn't protected me... who knows what would have happened by now? You left your home, your studies, your exams—everything—to be with someone like me, especially in my current condition, and you have stayed here like this. One shouldn't always look for reasons for goodness, Urmila. You know, you are so valuable to me!" he said.

Even though he spoke slowly, there was his usual sincerity in his voice; it sounded firm. Urmila thought, "This man couldn't have told a lie since the day he was born." If it had been Rasool Jamadar, how many lies would he have told by now? How much color would he have added? A flirt! For him, his pleasure and his love had only that much meaning and that much of a limit. But Himavant—he was like a waterfall that never runs dry. Urmila was lost in her own thoughts.

"Why did you ask that, Urmila?" Himavant spoke again.

"I don't know, Himu. Today, just lying beside you, I felt like I wanted to experience a secure feeling that I had never experienced in this life. I just wanted to be on your side. But I started doubting whether I was a good enough person to receive such comfort, and that’s why I asked," she said.

In the dim darkness of the room, no more words were born. For a while, Himavant remained still, without even the slightest movement. There was no answer of any kind from him.