Tell Me Before You Leave 324

The silence of the library; Bathi’s dhaba; the road to Harihara, Gundichattra—they remembered everything. Although both were simultaneously reminded of Sujay’s old house, neither spoke about it. When words felt insufficient, they went to Debu’s room and checked the bedsheets, pillow covers, and Debu’s clothes. Debu, who had been suffering from a horrific skin disease, was shedding his old skin, which was drying and falling off, and new skin was growing in its place. The scales that covered his head and body were disappearing; most importantly, the repulsive smell that used to emanate from his body was no longer as strong as before. His eyebrows had started to grow back. Even though he was recovering, it would take at least four to five months for Debu to get up and walk around like before.

"Will he stay in this house for that long?" Urmila asked.

"I don't know, Didi," Prarthana replied. There was a sense of uncertainty in her voice, as if she were wondering who knows where anyone will be for how long.

"Debu is getting better now. There is no danger to his life. I was thinking of suggesting tonight that we return to Shivamogga..." Saying this, she looked at Prarthana’s face for a reaction. Prarthana’s expression was emotionless.

Himavant insisted that Prarthana should give him his evening bath. "Why are you being so stubborn today, God?" she asked. She placed a small stool in the bathroom, arranged a new dhoti, a jubba, a milk-white towel, and soap, and led Himavant inside by the hand. His fever felt slightly intense, but Himavant sat quietly on the marble floor of the bathroom like a small child and let her bathe him. After he changed his clothes and came out, Prarthana dried his hair and combed it. The god was smiling.

That night, Himavant sat absorbed in front of Debu, performing rituals until eleven o'clock. When he came to the backyard garden, Prarthana draped a wool shawl over his back. Urmila watched from the large doorway as Prarthana led him toward the three chairs placed a short distance away. For some reason, she watched them with an unbearable impatience. 

"Giving a chance to pinch the hands that are swaying—isn't that one of the ironies of life?" she asked herself. 

In the darkness, Himavant recognized her standing a short distance from the chairs. "Doctor," he said. Prarthana was startled.