Let Himavant go /333

Debu's 'father' mother's hand, having touched, 'jagged' and 'mechanically' repaired, Debu's father, who had been 'bent' by Benttatti, was 'straightened' by Debu's mother. Unable to bear the pain, she had 'broken' into tears, but, having made a 'Namaste' gesture, she had 'left' for her home. Just as she had been a 'calm lake' in the midst of all the turmoil, she had come back 'bare' and 'empty-handed' to her home. When Debu had gone to the balcony, she had sat on the sofa, looking like a 'mountain' unmoved, with a 'beautiful' smile on her face. Just as she was about to get up from the sofa, Debu had asked her, 'Where are you going?' She had replied, 'I am going to the hospital. You also come with me.' Debu had said, 'I am going, Jamadar and Debu! Mother, why are you going to the hospital? What is the matter? Oh God, what else is to happen?' She had asked, 'Debu, you are completely recovered. It will take weeks for you to get completely well. You need to be with a doctor all the time. If not a doctor, at least two attendants are necessary. You have gone out unnecessarily. Debu's father and mother are here to take care of him. I have a friend who is a doctor in Shivamogga. I will take him to the nursing home there. I don't want to take him to Davangere College.' Debu had seen his mother, who was 'beaming' with joy, and had said, 'I will not go. I will take care of him myself. It is my habit to do so. I will not leave him in the hands of others. It is not worth it.' His mother had said, 'You go, I will inform Debu's father and mother. I will take a taxi to Shivamogga.'

Debu had seen his mother, who was 'beaming' with joy, and had said, 'I will not go. I will take care of him myself. It is my habit to do so. I will not leave him in the hands of others. It is not worth it.' His mother had said, 'You go, I will inform Debu's father and mother. I will take a taxi to Shivamogga.'

As Debu was leaving, his mother had asked him, 'Debu, where are you going? Why are you going?' Debu had replied, 'I am going, Jamadar and Debu! Mother, why are you going to the hospital? What is the matter? Oh God, what else is to happen?' She had asked, 'Debu, you are completely recovered. It will take weeks for you to get completely well. You need to be with a doctor all the time. If not a doctor, at least two attendants are necessary. You have gone out unnecessarily. Debu's father and mother are here to take care of him. I have a friend who is a doctor in Shivamogga. I will take him to the nursing home there. I don't want to take him to Davangere College.' Debu had seen his mother, who was 'beaming' with joy, and had said, 'I will not go. I will take care of him myself. It is my habit to do so. I will not leave him in the hands of others. It is not worth it.' His mother had said, 'You go, I will inform Debu's father and mother. I will take a taxi to Shivamogga.'

As Debu was leaving, his mother had asked him, 'Debu, where are you going? Why are you going?' Debu had replied, 'I am going, Jamadar and Debu! Mother, why are you going to the hospital? What is the matter? Oh God, what else is to happen?' She had asked, 'Debu, you are completely recovered. It will take weeks for you to get completely well. You need to be with a doctor all the time. If not a doctor, at least two attendants are necessary. You have gone out unnecessarily. Debu's father and mother are here to take care of him. I have a friend who is a doctor in Shivamogga. I will take him to the nursing home there. I don't want to take him to Davangere College.' Debu had seen his mother, who was 'beaming' with joy, and had said, 'I will not go. I will take care of him myself. It is my habit