It was already past dawn when the note she had written would be delivered to Prarthana's doorstep, and in the Foresight Lodge, the sun was shining brightly. Deb was not in the room! But the couch, which had been a witness to his sleeping next to his bed, was still in its place, with a blanket thrown over it. On its pillow, a hairpin lay carelessly, as if Deb had just gotten up and left. Urmila got up, stretched, and began to look at her clothes. She had worn only a T-shirt under her clothes, and Deb had given her a shawl to wear, but she had forgotten to put it on. She looked like she had just woken up, and the whiskey she had drunk the night before was still swirling in her head. She got up and walked to the window, where she had hung her pashmina, and began to get dressed. She was still thinking about Deb, who was probably still in the lodge, and she was worried that he might have gone out to swim in the nearby lake. She had heard him singing an old Hindi song, and she had followed him to the lake, where he had been swimming with a towel wrapped around his waist. She had watched him from a distance, and when he had come out of the water, he had seen her and had come over to her. She had felt a little annoyed with him, and had thought to herself, "Stupid!" But they had both been happy the night before, and Deb had been drinking too much, and had been singing that old song, and she had been listening to him, and had felt a little sleepy. She had thought to herself, "I should have gone to him and woken him up," but she had been too lazy. Now, as she was getting dressed, she was thinking about Deb, and how he had been drinking too much, and how he had been singing that old song, and how he had been looking at her with his eyes, and how he had been talking to her in a deep voice. She was thinking about how he had been looking at her, and how he had been talking to her, and how he had been drinking too much, and how he had been singing that old song. She was thinking about Deb, and how he had been, and how he was now, and how he was going to be. She was thinking about Deb, and she was feeling a little annoyed with him, and she was thinking to herself, "I should have gone to him and woken him up." But she had been too lazy, and now she was getting dressed, and she was thinking about Deb, and how he had been, and how he was now, and how he was going to be. She was thinking about Deb, and she was feeling a little annoyed with him, and she was thinking to herself, "I should have gone to him and woken him up." But Deb was not a foolish person, he was not a boy who would do something foolish, he was a boy from a rich family, and he was used to being careful, but now he was being foolish, and he was drinking too much, and he was singing that old song, and he was looking at her with his eyes, and he was talking to her in a deep voice. She was thinking about Deb, and how he had been, and how he was now, and how he was going to be, and she was feeling a little annoyed with him, and she was thinking to herself, "I should have gone to him and woken him up." But Deb was not a foolish person, he was not a boy who would do something foolish, he was a boy from a rich family, and he was used to being careful, but now he was being foolish, and he was drinking too much, and he was singing that old song, and he was looking at her with his eyes, and he was talking to her in a deep voice.