Himavant’s eyes were fearsome. They were like the eyes of a vile sage prepared to pour down the curse of a helpless creature. His posture was strange; it did not look like a posture natural to a human being, but rather like that of a wild beast deciding from which end to start devouring its prey. His hands were shaking slightly. Deep inside, he remained conscious of the fact that Prarthana was sleeping in the room. Why was Himavant trying to open the iron safe? Why had he collected all those lethal materials with such dedication in that short period? Did he have a premonition that one day, Prarthana would betray him, destroy his entire empire, and leave without even offering a reason? He certainly did not have any such premonition. Only Ajjayya—who had sat by the throne in the cave at the side of the hill until he was worn out and weary—had known. It was true that Himavant had been searching for him, but in the end, it was Ajjayya who had come looking for him. The marks of death were clearly written on his face; even Himavant had felt that he would not live for many more days. By then, Ajjayya could not even swallow food. Occasionally, a scream-like belch would escape him. When Ajjayya yawned, it sounded like a beast crying out in a low, guttural tone. On a new moon night, he had woken Himavant up and taken him to the mound. "Why do I need all this, Ajjayya? Who to kill? Is this even a skill worth learning? It’s a vile practice," Himavant had said. "Where was the need for me, son? Didn't your father have this? Maataada Hirannayya? He brought it and left it at my feet. I practiced this for so many years, and what did I get? You know yourself how long I will live now that death has marked me. I am leaving both the good and the bad to you. Just go once a year; on the day of the new moon, light a lamp before the throne, bow your head to the throne, and sit there. I have made separate arrangements for the daily worship there; just provide six hundred rupees for the lamp expenses. When Hirannayya’s son comes to light the lamp before the throne on the day of the new moon, people from the surrounding areas will come and gather. Do that much as a favor; don't let it be said that it stopped."

"You said it is a form of knowledge, right? Surely, some part of it will be useful to you," [he said, as he] drew the lines of a rangoli on the mound of earth with his fingertips.