Come to Davangere. Decide the direction of our lives together and bring mother along; what else should I call her but 'mother', just like your love? My love waits for you and Debu until the very end. With these prayers, Prarthana thought over the letter a dozen times, placed a photograph of herself inside, and sealed the envelope. Just then, for some reason, she was reminded of Himavant. It felt as though Urmi Didi, sleeping on the cot in front of her, had turned over in impatience. Is this a sin? betrayal of God? Prarthana asked herself; she did not have the patience to seek an answer. She could not fall asleep after tucking the letters into their envelopes. Everything that had happened at Debu's house kept playing over and over in her mind. Truth be told, similar incidents had occurred in that house even before; while they seemed sweet at first, they eventually became tiresome. She often felt that if only she could escape Debu’s embrace, it would be enough. But what happened yesterday was not that. It was the complete opposite! Having just come out of the bathroom wearing only a lungi, Debu was glistening like a statue; his eyes were swollen and turned a fiery red from the night's drinking. He seemed to have lost his usual charm. However, the letter from his father that he had just read, and the mention of her within its lines, had brought such happiness to Prarthana that she had fallen into his arms as he stood there smelling fresh from his bath. If given even the slightest chance, Debu would hunger and yearn; he would fill the car with the resonance of desire in the desolate darkness of the Harihara road. More than love, a sense of urgency roamed within him; he would plead with his eyes alone, his fingers would begin to strum like a Rudraveena. She loved all of that too; such is the sweetness of romance before marriage. But it is beautiful only if it stops there, isn't it? It wouldn't stop. Whenever they were left alone at home, Debu would become like a demon. Many times, arguments would erupt precisely because of this. All this beauty, the warmth of the body, the grace; all its darkness is yours, my lord, but let there be restraint until the hour of our marriage, Prarthana would say. Debu would flare up and become annoyed. Many times, she had left him in that state and walked away. But today, she herself had been prepared. If the scandal involving the Mangalore girl had not occurred the previous day, the bud would have blossomed by the break of dawn.