She did not understand what mantra that was. Having finished his bath and wearing a dhoti, he had come outside and sat against the damp wall in the veranda with his eyes closed. He seemed to be in a 'trance' where he could not even notice his own feverish heat and exhaustion. Deciding that what she had discussed with Prarthana over the telephone was not something to be brought up for discussion now, she remained silent. As the light of dawn began to break, she prepared herself, thinking she would go to a nearby nursing home and bring a doctor.

However, Himavant gave her an unclear telephone number and said, "This is his neighbor's number. It is enough if you convey the message to them; Rasool Jamadar will come. Call him first." Urmila could not refuse Himavant's words. Picking up the phone, she informed the people in the house next to Rasool Jamadar.

Then, he made her write a list of ten or so strange items. They were things that could be used for cooking, construction work, paint preparation, or perhaps something entirely unrelated. She hadn't even heard the names of some of them. Others were items labeled 'Arsenic Poison' and kept in a chemistry laboratory. She wondered in which shop all these things could be found. "Give the list to Rasool Jamadar; he will bring them," Himavant said in a low voice. She was surprised. It felt as if Himavant was thinking one step ahead of her.

If it weren't so, could he have imagined the conversation he had with Rasool in the fields of Gadikoppa in the morning, and by the time she returned home, managed to send Zabeen away without leaving a single trace, as if she had never even been there? She wanted to ask about this, but just then, with the sound of "Haimanna," Rasool Jamadar stepped into the house. Seeing the exhaustion on the face of Himavant, who was sitting against the wall, he said, "Oh god... Is it a fever, master...?"

"Ko-ne-du!" a strange sound escaped Himavant's mouth. Rasool Jamadar, who was sitting at a distance, did not get up to touch his forehead. He knew this was the final fever that comes to a practitioner who has accepted the mandala. The intensity of the fever crushes a person, but that is all just a pretext. He had to complete the final ritual of the mandala. Only that much strength would remain in the body; just enough for one step. Sitting in the fields of Gadikoppa, he... to the doctor...