Listen; I've put a cassette in your deck, Himavant, and you're filled with life. You've made a song for the occasion, haven't you? You don't need forgiveness from me; I don't want your apologies for the last time. Don't think that I'll forgive you this time either and then go to some other girl's place. You'll get into trouble again, like you always do; some kind of trouble, and I won't be able to see you again, my love. Before you leave, just say one thing to me; you won't make a fool of me, will you, Debba? If you I'll be eternally bitter towards you, and I'll lose faith in human relationships.

All my words have come to an end here. I've left you at the hostel, and after that, for the first time in my life, I've spent a night alone, drinking whiskey. I'm telling you, Debba, you're extremely emotional right now, and the words you spoke in a state of agitation won't last forever. You're much younger than me, and I'm your last girlfriend, aren't you? I don't know if I should be telling you this, but what to do. If I tell you, you'll get angry, and if I don't too.

If I tell you that I still have feelings for you, it's not love, it's just infatuation. You're a medical student, and you're the most beautiful girl in our college. Even in my dreams, I never thought I'd find a girl like you. You're the only place I've ever felt at home. Even now, I don't know if you feel the same way about me. you'll ever

If I tell you that I love you, it's not love; it's just infatuation. You're a beautiful girl, and I'm just a guy who's infatuated with you. I don't know if I should be telling you this, but what to do. If I don't tell you, you'll get angry, and if I do too.

If you go to Kaveramma's house tonight, don't go. Even if you don't go, I'll still be able to sleep peacefully, knowing that you're not with me. But if you do go, I won't that you're with someone else. I don't know if I can bear the thought of you being

I don't know if I love you, but I do know that I respect our friendship. I'll respect it even if you don't love me back. don't want to be with me. you're with someone else.

I'm telling you, Debba, I'm not sure if I can eat anything today. I'm feeling extremely hungry in the dhaba.