If this were to continue, she would have to leave the room, unable to bear the sight of the bed where she had spent the night with Himavant. By morning, the thought of him had already begun to haunt her. "Am I going to die?" she had asked herself, the question still echoing in her mind. She had not been able to shake it off.

Himavant had left, his face a picture of disappointment. Had he not been so, she would have been the first to know. Was his foot still stuck in the door? Perhaps he had not even bothered to take it out. It was possible that looked back.

She was stuck in this small room, her fingers entwined in a futile attempt to calm herself down. Prarthana had grown up in Shivamogga, a city that had been her home for as long as she could remember. She had always been driven by a singular goal - to win the world, to become a legend. She had never wavered in her resolve, never doubted herself.

But now, as she lay in bed, she felt a creeping sense of doubt. Was she still the same person she had once been? Had she lost her way, her focus? The thought was unbearable. She had to get out of this room, to shake off the feeling of being trapped.

Prarthana's eyes wandered to the book on her lap, the one Himavant had been reading to her. She had been listening, entranced, as he had read the words of the great poet. But now, as she looked at the book, she felt a pang of guilt. Had she been so caught up in her own thoughts that she had not even noticed when he had stopped reading?

The thought was a bitter pill to swallow. She had been so caught up in her own world that she had not even noticed when he had left. And now, as she lay in bed, she felt a sense of loss, of emptiness.

Prarthana's eyes welled up with tears as she thought of Himavant, of the way he had looked at her, touched her. She had never felt this way about anyone before, and it scared her. She did not know how to deal with these feelings, with this sense of vulnerability.

As she lay in bed, Prarthana felt a sense of unease, disquiet. She did not know what the future held, but she knew that she could not stay in this room, stuck in her own thoughts. She had to get out, to face the world, to find a way to overcome her doubts and fears.

But for now, she just lay there, her eyes fixed on the book, her heart heavy with emotion. She knew that she had to find a way to move on, to leave the past behind. was stuck, unable to move forward.