"Doesn't it happen when you get a beating?" It felt like such torment was spreading through his head. For some reason, he remembered his grandfather. He remembered how he had once taken him to the fields of Gaadikoppa, where he had walked briskly, holding a rattan cane in his hand, chanting in a strange, resonant voice, despite being told repeatedly not to go. He felt as though he didn't have the strength to stand up. He wondered if he decided at this very moment to hunt down and kill Debu, perhaps all the vitality would return to his body. But what had Debu done that deserved to be killed? If he were to kill anyone, it should be her. But had he not sat with her in the moonlight, mixing curd rice and feeding her with such affection? Had he not brought her from miles away and stood with her at the threshold of life? Had he not embraced her, put her to sleep like a child, drained away all the friendship of the day to become her mother by night? Had he not remembered her with every morsel of food? To her, he had been food, money, candy, letters, and even God! Could he kill someone like that?

Giving up the attempt to rise from the mound of earth, he simply sat with his hands hanging limp. Suddenly, an uncontrollable sorrow overcame him. "Prarthana—" he screamed, as if his insides were being torn apart, and falling onto the mound of earth, he began to wail loudly. For the first time in his life, he realized he could do nothing; he was too weak to even shake the dust off and stand up from this mound. Everything ended here. He had lost his very existence. He was now just a creature with long, grotesque limbs; no human could ever love him again. As the thought that he would no longer be understood by Prarthana crossed his mind, a torrent of tears, like a roaring ocean, overwhelmed Himavant.

Trying to catch his breath in between, he screamed once more, "Prarthana... Prarthana..." in a way that would shatter one’s heart. Then, opening his voice, he lay flat on his back, facing the sky, and wept loudly. The fields of Gaadikoppa seemed frozen; a dream had been murdered there. The darkness was dense. There were no stars in the sky to protect Himavant from the sin. After wailing for a long time, Himavant slowly sat up. Unconsciously, his two fists grabbed handfuls of earth from the mound. Suddenly, turning his gaze toward the house, he cursed loudly, "Die, you Prarthana," and with that, he [held] a handful—