She has mastered speech; song; laughter; nakedness; applause; grandeur! She might be a professional but, at the end of it all, there was a look of admiration on her face about her individuality, about the grandeur she displayed; a kind of thanks in her eyes. While Urmila stood watching, hurling abuses at him, she would now glance at him as if to say, "Oh, is that all?" This was someone she didn't know, not a lover, and she wouldn't have any occasion to meet her again. But a look of contempt was being directed at her from her eyes? If she could see it in her eyes, her ego wouldn't recover for another seven lives. It started to feel like it would be enough if she left as soon as possible. Exactly at that moment, she, [Madam, if I've made a mistake, I'm sorry] "I'm so sorry. We are professionals; we have to go to town at night. If you give me my money, I'll leave." she said. A clear wave of disgust swept across Urmila's face. Debu slowly rose from the chair. The darkness of the dead evening had already descended upon the hall. He took out his wallet from the pocket of the trousers hanging in the kitchen where he had lit the lamp and silently counted ten notes of a hundred rupees, giving them to the Mangaluru girl. The girl, without saying a word, picked up her vanity bag from the side of the wall and walked out of the house into the dim light. Had she taken two steps or not, she stopped abruptly. A figure was standing in the passage in front It was clear from its posture that it had been standing there for quite some time, but the Mangaluru girl who had come out of the house didn't know the name of the figure standing there was Prarthana. She bowed her head and left. Even after she departed, Urmila's loud voice continued to be heard from inside the house. For Prarthana, who had stopped in the passage opposite the house without knowing what was happening inside Debu Babu's house the moment she arrived, as Urmila's voice began to drift from inside, one by one, the details started to become clear. Deb Babu was not alone in his house. Urmila had also just arrived. Deb then either; he had been caught with someone else. She didn't need anyone to tell her what a pathetic state a man caught like that would be in, because, at an age when she didn't even understand what a man was, such a man had fallen into her hands, his name was Appa! Her hatred for men had begun from that day. If another such man had entered her life, perhaps she would have started hating men permanently? But