The admiration of people is not like that of a god; but one in a lakh might find someone who loves as intensely as Prarthana. Prarthana is not wealthy. But she has enough wealth to overcome her poverty. someone who blossomed in the culture of her Bengali family. But her goodness is greater than any culture. She has no qualities that are intensely repulsive or objectionable. She loves him enough to go away, but not so possessive that it suffocates him to death. Does he truly love her? Enough to marry her? No chance. A girl marrying someone as handsome, intelligent, and wealthy as Debu cannot be as ordinary as Prarthana. She must have unimaginable attractions, such a charm. Does Urmila have that? Absolutely not. The very memory of her is bitter. She might be intelligent but not as empathetic as Prarthana. Whatever charm Urmila possesses is suited for a lover, not necessarily for a wife. Being good is enough. But in his life, the word "lover" has no place anymore. He will never flirt with anyone The reddish scars that appeared on Prarthana’s body, the tight grip of Sujoy Malhotra, are enough. The flirt inside him has died suddenly. He has no other desires now. He is content if a girl like Prarthana, who loves and adores him more than God, walks with him till the end, never insults him, and has a calm personality, becomes his wife. Thus, his mind had decided. But will he find another girl like Prarthana? Or will he marry Prarthana herself? Debu was confused. The many events that transpired in the last twenty-four hours had left him shattered. How much had he drunk yesterday? It felt as if all the strength had drained from his body. Urmila barging in when he was with a girl from Mangalore, her cruel words, Prarthana overhearing all of it, him suddenly feeling insignificant in front of both of them, and then Prarthana returning at midnight with injuries on her body, explaining the words of his fleeting desire Sujoy Malhotra – it all began to make him feel cornered. From the day he started chasing women until now, he had never been this vulnerable. He, who loved a girl like him, after all, a boy like Sujoy Malhotra, on the road to Harihara...