Tell me the reason / 260 I used to tell myself, 'In this world filled with so many people every single night, why must I be the only one awake? There are crores of people, isn't there one person who is mine? To her, I am the world; she is everything to me.' I kept telling myself this little consoling thought repeatedly. 'Prarthana is my whole world.' This one feeling was enough to live, to build your life, to weave millions of dreams. In your absence, how many thousands of hours did I spend talking to you? What happened to all those words, Prarthana? Today, in your world, I am nothing. Let it be; you didn't even leave me a world of my own. Does such a big betrayal deserve such a punishment, Prarthana? What sin did I commit, God? Himavant wrote this down hurriedly, and not knowing what to do with it, after a while, he turned to look at Urmila. She, who had been sitting on a chair, got up and came to sit beside Himavant. With an indescribable affection, she pulled him close, took him into her lap, and caressed his forehead. Then, the dam of sorrow broke! For the first time, Himavant acted so helplessly in front of Urmila; he fell and began to sob uncontrollably. Because of the intensity of his weeping, Himavant’s entire body was shaking. Urmila’s lap was soaked with tears. It felt as though his sorrow might not end tonight, this year, or even this lifetime. For hours continuously, until the fourth watch of the night, Himavant kept weeping. His strong body, having lost all its vitality, lay limp in Urmila’s lap. By the time the first ray of morning light hit the ground, Urmila got up, brought a large glass of water mixed with glucose, and fed it to Himavant. When he woke up, it was some time in the afternoon. Urmila was not at home, but there was a paper in front of him. "Dearest Himavant, I am leaving for the exam. You were asleep; I didn’t have the heart to wake you up. after touching your feet to my forehead in reverence. I will be on the bus to Shivamogga the day after the exam finishes. One word;"