Before he could even think, Himavant had already received proof of everything. Rasool Jamadar, along with his bundle, had left that night. He was speaking to someone, and the relief in his eyes was evident. However, Jamadar was not sure if the Doctor and Himavant had discussed the matters he had spoken about or not. Somehow, he had clearly said, "Bring everything from the bag, don't come home; take it to Gaadakoppa, I will be waiting for you there at eleven o'clock." Jamadar thought this was the first time Himavant had spoken about this matter in front of a third person, other than the two of them.

As he got up, keeping the note Urmila had given him in his pocket, Himavant stood up as if prepared to go somewhere. He swayed, and Urmila supported him; it was like a vine clinging to a tree. "Will Himu go to Hyderabad in this condition?" The question nagged at Urmila, but she did not ask. His facial expression suggested that she should not ask anything now.

He went into the inner room and changed his clothes. The same jeans, the same rough-textured, faded-colored kurta. He took some money from the drawer and walked around the house once. Standing at the backyard door, he stuffed a small file-like folder containing papers into his bag. He told Urmila to get ready to leave; it seemed as if his words were already finished. Just before leaving, he called Urmila close in the inner room and kissed her forehead; his lips were burning.

Just as the two of them were about to leave the house, the phone rang. He looked at Urmila once, as if expecting her to pick it up, but Urmila did not move. Deciding suddenly, he let out a small sigh and, without even trying to find out who was speaking from the other end, he said, "Hello, Prarthana. Tell me?"

Urmila could not hear the words from the other end, but for some reason, she felt a premonition. "Yes, Hyderabad, Prarthana. I am fine, there is no problem, Prarthana. I have left. I will reach as soon as possible. What is on my mind... I will come, Prarthana. I won't delay anymore." Saying this, he ended the call. Urmila looked at him, expecting him to look at her with guilt, if only for the sake of courtesy, but Himavant looked towards her...