"Won't survive, will they, Prarthana?" When Himavant finished speaking, there was a strange silence on the veranda. Does a person die the moment a dream ends? "No, Himu; a person dies the moment blood supply to the brain stops. A person dies the moment the heart stops beating. I am the one who has been studying exactly that in medical college for two years; I cannot think as emotionally as you," Prarthana said.

"Do you think birth and death are only physical? I was talking about a different kind of living. Not about brain death. Not about the clinical death they teach in our college. Forget all that. Tell me, how are you? Are you studying well? When Urmila called the other day, she said you had gone to some house to study. What did you eat there? Or did you eat anything at all? Sometimes I feel like I have burdened you with the weight of a dream unnecessarily because you are younger than me. It feels like I am sitting here cooking tasty food and eating to my heart’s content while I let you struggle and study there. When night falls, and you are there losing sleep to study, I feel restless thinking that I am sleeping soundly here, and I end up waking up at odd hours. You get stomach pain once a month, right? I just suffer here thinking about that. You remember me like this too, don't you, Prarthana?" Himavant asked, looking at her with eyes full of longing.

Prarthana’s lower lip trembled. She thought that if she had at least brought Deebu along, she could have avoided being caught by Himu’s eyes, his words, and his unbearable love. "How could I not remember you? I thought how nice it would have been if you had been there when they all came from Hyderabad the other day," she said. Suddenly changing her tone, she added, "Himu, I’m going to lie down for a while; I’m feeling very sleepy."

As soon as the mention of Hyderabad came up, questions rose in Himavant’s eyes, but wondering how late she might have stayed up studying, and that she had traveled in the morning, he thought she should sleep for a while. He spread a soft bedsheet on the mat and brought her a pillow. Prarthana lay down. A long time later, she opened her eyes simply and looked. He was sitting leaning against the wall, watching her with calm eyes.