Tell me, Garana 337

Just as she had sat down that day, Prarthana sat on the edge of the bed, lost in thought, and lay down half-covered by the same blanket. She was tired. She had slept for a while in the very saree she had worn, but as Himavant’s meditation ended, she felt a heavy drowsiness and drifted off to sleep. By the time she woke up the next morning, Himavant had finished his bath and left. Just like the day before, he brought idlis from the hotel near the Janamurthy circle. There was some kind of hurry in him—was it urgency or excitement? He cleaned the small room himself once more. He set out hot water in the small bathroom in the corner for Prarthana to bathe, told her to get ready, and left for somewhere. By the time he returned, he had some papers in his hand and, in the other, a bunch of jasmine flowers. Prarthana wore a simple green saree with a border—her mother's saree. Thinking she would put on her mother's jewelry after reaching the stone house, he hurried her out. As he locked the door of the small room, there were tears in Prarthana’s eyes. The life she had left from here had gone to so many places only to bring her back here—but in what state? As Prarthana walked toward the car with heavy steps, like a sacrificial lamb walking toward the altar, Himavant was constantly rushing. Outside, the sun was brilliant. As their car turned into the fields of Gadikoppa, Prarthana’s restlessness reached its peak. Just as she had imagined, Rasool Jamadar was seen standing alone in front of the stone house. "Himavant is cornering me from all sides so that I cannot move from here," she thought. There were small, neat rangolis on the steps of the stone house, as if someone had just drawn them. When a girl suddenly passed by in the depths of the inner room, Prarthana wondered if this might be the sister of Rasool Jamadar that Urmila used to talk about. But she was struck with shock, her heart shattering, when she saw Debu sitting leaning against a pillow on the cot in the inner room of the stone house, with Urmila standing beside him! "Oh God! Must all that happen right in front of him? What kind of grudge from a past life is this, Himu?" she thought. Unable to hold back the tears that welled up, Prarthana crossed the room and walked quickly into the interior of the stone house. There stood Himavant! In his hands were their mother’s very old silk saree and bright yellow gold jewelry.