Gradually, the sun grew stronger and sharper outside. Across the open field, the laborers, supervisors, and managers, unable to bear the midday heat, found whatever shade they could to open their lunch bundles. The clock was ticking toward two-forty-five. Suddenly waking up from a nap, Himavant, wearing only a cloth wrapped around his waist like a sarong, stood by the well and began to pour water over himself. A high fever; scorching sun; and then a cold water bath! If he could drive a car all the way to Hyderabad on these gravel roads, Himavant must be crazy. He wasn't even eating a morsel, as if he had decided to end his life. Urmila’s anxiety doubled, but Himavant continued to bathe were oblivious to everything. Since the laborers sat for lunch in the shade of distant trees, a deathly silence descended in front of the stone house. Only Rasool Jamadar stood on the mound beside his face etched with anxiety, holding various items under the blistering sun. The ground was burning. Ignoring it, Himavant climbed the mound barefoot. He snatched the heavy pickaxe from Rasool Jamadar’s hand and signaled with his eyes, as if ordering, "You leave now." As Rasool was descending the mound, Urmila, unable to contain her curiosity and anxiety, hurried toward the mound. But Himavant, without letting her approach, placed his hand on her back and brought her back to the stone house. The clock’s hands crossed the two-o'clock mark. Urmila could no longer see what was happening on the mound. Only the sound of him digging with frantic intensity could be heard. Every now and then, he let out a roar like an animal in a fit of rage. Muffled cries emerged from the mouth of the man who hadn't stopped digging. He was pulling out pieces of mica that he had layered and hidden in different parts of the ground. Only Rasool Jamadar knew that it was "fool's gold." He had brought nine sheets, each two palms wide, to the stone house himself; six had been used, and three remained in a wooden box. Perhaps for every murder, Chandranath used three sheets of mica. Whenever he dug deeper, he would find one sheet. Underneath the sheets, his secrets were laid out: a piece of cloth with his left-hand fingerprints, hair, dried semen, the tip of a fingernail, and under another layer, one of his...