Himavant thought to himself, "Shouldn't she have arrived ten minutes ago? Prarthana has gone to Shivamogga. She was talking a lot. Along with all her friends, she had come to the canal as if to take a walk. This morning, at three o'clock, she had gone to the bus stop. She had told me to look out for her, and Himavant was happy; he was thinking, 'Perhaps she will come in a car, from Davanagere.' 'How long will she take to come?' he thought. I don't know. If I had looked at the road from that distance, I would have known how far away she was. But I didn't look, and now my heart is racing like a madman. Rasool Jamadar was talking to me, even notice. If he had come to the room a little earlier, if I had seen Prarthana, something unthinkable would have happened. But did the 45-year-old Jamadar know that something like this would happen? Could anyone have imagined such a thing? For a few minutes, the three of them talked. They closed the door and went out. Rasool Jamadar had decided that he would go, but he would come back to the room, and when he left, he would talk to Himavant. But he wouldn't leave until he had seen the Jamadar's work at the land's turn. was going on in the field, and Himavant was sure that there was no trouble. He had returned to Shivamogga and was at peace, but Rasool Jamadar was going, and he was going with a strange sense of unease. He walked quickly to the iron gate of the room, his eyes fixed on the gate. The Jamadar's workers looked at him with a new kind of look, but Himavant didn't respond to them. It was as if he had reached a point where he didn't care about anything. The Jamadar's face was not calm; was asking, 'What if Prarthana doesn't come?' His words were like the waves of the ocean, crashing against his eyelids. He opened the gate and went in, and when he closed the gate, he leaned against it, his back against the door. He took out a strange object from his pocket. His eyes were fierce, and he was like a man who had been waiting for a long time for something to happen. time for a calamity to strike. From this moment on, he was completely prepared for anything. His eyes were fixed on the object in his hand, and he was like a man who had been waiting for a long time for something to happen.