The letter that Himavant had written to me was still fresh in my mind. I was on my bus, heading to Davanagere, and I had no idea what was going on. Both of those things were my mistakes, I thought, as the news was spreading like wildfire. Today, you are innocent; today, the divine love in your heart has turned into a mere fantasy. The way you express yourself is like a fleeting dream that vanishes in a day. You should be grateful that I am writing to you in this manner. God does not make mistakes, and I should not have doubted Him.

As I sat on the bridge, I couldn't help but think of Prarthana. In the month of Shravana, when the rains were at their peak, she would often say that the Tungabhadra River was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people of Shivamogga would say that the river was like a temple that had been submerged. The people