--- ENGLISH TRANSLATION ---

Think about how interesting a subject it is to talk about reasons, Urmi. "For what reason does Prarthana go all the way to the dhaba kitchen to get Palak Paneer made, pestering the cook? She learned to drive the car herself for fear that if I drank, we might meet with a car accident. She might let me drink, but she never lets go of the car’s steering wheel. What a change she has brought into my life. If she hadn't, would I even have had the face to show myself to someone like you?" Debu asked in an honest tone.

Summoning courage, she replied, "It’s nothing like that, Didi. Every woman, no matter how foolish, takes joy in cooking what her husband likes. As for driving, I don't know why, but I’ve become quite obsessed with it, so I keep driving it; it's no big deal. After all, I am just a girl who came from a village called Bilisale near Channarayapatna. Today, they made me the daughter-in-law of such a big house and gave me a life beyond my imagination. From which end of the ladder to which end he brought me, Debu? He is greater than I am. What do you say?"

Prarthana had asked in an equally honest tone. "It is true, my friend; from this end of the ladder to that end. It is true that you have climbed the steps. But there was an innocent step in the middle. It was happy, thinking that your stepping on it was its good fortune. Without even saying a thank you to it, you trampled it and came to stand at the end of the ladder. In a sense, you are great too," Urmila thought to herself.

However, for some reason, even after seeing both of them so intimate and together that evening, Urmila’s attitude changed a lot. What Prarthana did might have been wrong, but what could be done? Does the heart listen to anyone? What was done to Himavant a terrible betrayal. But can it be said that Prarthana is unworthy of enjoying such a peaceful life? Only when one life collapses can another bungalow stand in its place. Himavant is indeed a very good person. But a man as intelligent as Debu needed Prarthana more. If she hadn’t taken his hand, what would have become of Debu by now? Besides, the decisions have already been made, haven't they? What is the use of blaming anyone now? It is unnecessary to analyze what is past. They are both intimate; they are also rare. Both of them know their own histories; they have loved each other knowing that. It’s done, isn't it? Let them be happy now.