It occurred to her: once dinner was finished, she would see them off to the bus stand near their house and make sure they boarded the bus to Shivamogga. She thought of taking an auto. She knew Himavant would not wait for her. He was not a person of this world; he would not remain as Himavant. She had thought of leaving early to spend more days with Himavant and try to set him right. She felt a responsibility towards him; but Prarthana would not let her go. As soon as dinner was over, Prarthana insisted that instead of leaving for Shivamogga at this odd hour and reaching at an inconvenient time, they should stay the night and leave in the morning. That seemed right to Urmila too. Besides, how long had it been since the three friends had come together like this? It felt as if no amount of talking would ever be enough.

After returning home at night, they sat down to talk again. They spent some time on the terrace. Under the dark sky, Prarthana, wearing a stark white nightie and leaning on Debu’s shoulder, sang two old Hindi songs. A flash of admiration flickered in Debu’s eyes; Prarthana had even learned some ghazals for his sake. She said, "Aren't we going to Hyderabad for the holidays tomorrow? There is a guru there who teaches ghazals. By the time college starts, I will come back having learned a lot of them."

Even though they came downstairs when it got too cold to sit on the terrace, it seemed the two friends’ conversation would not end that night. Debu was already sleepy. He went into the bedroom, switched off the lights, and went to bed. The two girls spread a mat in the hall, lay down; a quiet conversation continued. Neither of them showed any signs of sleep.

Then Prarthana sat up. "Urmi Didi, I have a question to ask you. May I?" she asked.

"Go ahead."

"Didi, you are going to Shivamogga tomorrow. You will stay there. You and Himavant will be together for so many days. You both will be in Gadikoppa. Just the two of you. Didi, don't feel bad that I asked you this—do you love Himavant?"

Urmila sat up abruptly. She had certainly not expected such a question from Prarthana. She knew her nature. She knew that Himavant had changed the very direction of her life. He was in unbearable pain; he was lonely. It was for that reason alone...