He hadn't thought that there could be such a wicked demon within Sujay. While pouring lukewarm water over her body felt soothing, standing naked under the dim light of the room, she clearly saw the marks on her body that looked like they were stained with blood. For some reason, tears welled up again. As if shedding the sins of countless births, Prarthana finished her sinful bath. That evening, she didn't want to touch the sari and blouse she had worn. Wearing one of Debu's t-shirts, brought from his wardrobe, and tying a lungi with small checks around her waist, she came out of the bathroom, wrapping Debu's towel around her wet hair. It felt as if all of Sujay's taint had washed away and Debu had completely enveloped her body. The bitterness of the evening also seemed to have melted away on its own. Most importantly, she didn't remember Himavant even once. However, as she came out of the bathroom and entered the living room, seeing Debu's condition, she stood there with a broken heart. It was dark when she entered the house; he hadn't noticed her. Now she noticed that Debu's eyes were swollen like blood balls. He had been crying all evening. He was still crying; his face was full of the wrinkles of remorse. In just a few hours, Debu had become a living corpse. The chest hair on his chest lay helplessly under his soaked shirt. He hadn't eaten or drunk anything since the evening. He sat hunched over, like a stone. On the teapoy in front of him was a bottle of gin, and next to it a bowl of lemon cordial; but Debu refused to drink. "You have kept only one vessel for me, haven't you? Prarthana, I won't even ask for your forgiveness. Until this moment, I haven't been able to forgive myself. No one can care more about me than I do about myself. I am not just a flirt. I am lecherous! When I was with that girl from Udupi, the insult of Urmila arriving didn't remain with me. When Urmila stood at the door, scolding and reviling me, I wasn't even sad that you heard it. But how could I hurt a girl like you so much? No excuse; I left thinking I would break Urmi's pride, and without reason, I rejected and insulted the one who had humiliated me, take revenge by mentally destroying her. Somewhere, seeing my closeness with her, you..."