He had tried to search, but that day he did not even have the patience to look at the scars. He just stared once, then leaned his head under the shower and closed his eyes. Has his desire for her faded away? Prarthana thought this for the first time. Before the wedding was fixed and before the unfortunate incident with Sujay Malco, Debu used to wait for any opportunity to devour her. But afterwards, he suddenly became neutral. Even by mistake, he would not speak about other women as he used to before. However, his love for her had not perished. That comfort was enough. More than that, Prarthana had sighed in relief noticing that Debu’s male body would become alert during the nights, even when he himself was unaware. There were many changes in his personality. Thinking that perhaps he had decided to keep the physical aspect of their relationship for after the wedding in pursuit of some ideal, she had remained silent. But the matter was not that simple; Himavant had already accomplished a deed long ago that made it impossible for them to ever unite as a true husband and wife in this lifetime! To go to Hyderabad, they had to come to Bangalore and catch a flight. This time, Debu hesitated to drive the car, so Prarthana took the wheel. Throughout the journey, he lay with his eyes half-closed. At the Windsor Manor hotel in Bangalore, he said he could not even drink a glass of whiskey; the man who would start dancing to the sound of a small guitar had behaved as if listening to music was torture. Lying in the room at night, he suddenly sat up and whispered in a low voice, "She is calling!" Prarthana was certain that Debu was losing his mental balance. She had asked repeatedly, "Who is calling?" Even until they reached the bungalow in Hyderabad, she had not received an answer to her question of who was calling. In a loud voice, he screamed "Sarvamangala!" It was perhaps the penance for the sins committed by the pharmacist! Debu was not groaning for no reason. Seeing the charred, withered body of Shivarajayya’s daughter, who had passed away years ago...