I made the foolish mistake of thinking you would be around forever. But now, Prarthana, you must leave. Don't let yourself be bothered by what happened with a stranger from Mangalore, someone whose name I don't even know. It’s a habit that can be broken any day. But I regret hurting you in this matter… I hate myself.”

As soon as he spoke, Urmila covered her face and began to sob. His hard exterior seemed to melt away. For a while, Prarthana didn't say anything. She took a new blanket from the cupboard and spread it on the bed. Wiping herself with the towel she was wrapped in, she swept her hair back and tied it in a small knot. She then took a bindi from where it was stuck to the bathroom door and placed it on her forehead. Even on such a confusing night, a flicker of pride enveloped her, the thought that her full arms, chest, and glistening neck looked incredibly attractive in a dark t-shirt. She poured gin and lemon cordial into a glass, pulled a chair in front of the deity, and sat down. For some reason, she suddenly felt everything was peaceful, calm, and under control. Though it felt slightly uncomfortable to sit in a lungi as she wasn't used to it, she relaxed, thinking that the one in front of her was her deity, wasn't he? No, Debu didn't even lift his eyes; he looked like a wounded bird. Remorse was eating him alive. He seemed to have fallen into an unsolvable sorrow. I had thought that he might have been shattered by Urmila's taunts that day. I thought he would be reeling from the whirlwind of humiliation. I thought his masculinity wounded. But what is likely consuming Debu is a psychological torment. The regret of having hurt someone like you. Prarthana looked at him with an inexplicable affection. "I did hurt you. It’s true I might have neglected you for a few days without my knowledge, and that's also true. But I never betrayed you, Prarthana. Even in Urmila's matter, I set out to break her pride, not to betray her and celebrate. I have never suppressed my bodily desires. But, I swear on the person I love most in the world, I never yearned for your body to be mine.