It was past two in the afternoon when Deb, who had been getting ready to leave for the third round, was still stuck in the middle of the forest. He was lost in thought, just like the night before, and Urmi, who was sitting in front of him, was more fond of cigarettes than whiskey. The night was as dark as despair, and the forest was so dense that it was hard to find their way out. They had been driving in their car, and now it was stuck in the middle of the forest. The forest lodge was still a long way off, and Deb was getting anxious. He had made dinner for Urmi, but she had refused to eat it. He had put all the food on the dining table and was about to leave when he realized that they were the only two people in the entire forest. 

Their friendship had started in college, and now it had grown into something more. Deb was a romantic, and he had always been fond of girls. But Urmi was different. She was a strong and independent person, and Deb was smitten with her. He had told her that he loved her, but she had just laughed it off. Deb was getting anxious, and he knew that he had to do something to win her back. He had to prove to her that he was serious about their relationship.

Deb took a deep breath and started to speak. "Urmi, I know that I have been a bit reckless in the past, but I promise you that I am serious about us. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I know that I have to prove myself to you, and I am willing to do whatever it takes. I will study, I will work, I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. Just please, Urmi, don't reject me."

Urmi looked at him, and for a moment, Deb thought that he saw a glimmer of hope in her eyes. But then she spoke, and her words cut him deep. "Deb, I don't know what to say. I care for you, but I don't know if I can trust you. You have a history of being reckless and irresponsible. I don't know if I can handle that."

Deb felt a pang of anxiety, and he knew that he had to do something to win her back. He took a deep breath and started to speak again. "Urmi, I know that I have made mistakes in the past, but I promise you that I am willing to change. I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. Just please, don't give up on me yet. Let me prove myself to you."

Urmi looked at him, and for a moment, Deb thought that he saw a glimmer of hope in her eyes. But then she spoke, and her words cut him deep. "Deb, I need time to think. I need to know that you are serious about us. I need to know that you are willing to work hard and make sacrifices for us. Can you do that for me?"

Deb felt a surge of determination, and he knew that he had to prove himself to her. He took a deep breath and started to speak again. "Urmi, I promise you that I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. I will work hard, I will make sacrifices, I will do whatever it takes to prove myself to you. Just please, don't give up on me yet."

Urmi looked at him, and for a moment, Deb thought that he saw a glimmer of hope in her eyes. But then she spoke, and her words cut him deep. "Deb, I need to know that you are willing to do whatever it takes to make me happy. I need to know that you are willing to change and grow with me. Can you do that for me?"

Deb felt a surge of determination, and he knew that he had to prove himself to her. He took a deep breath and started to speak again. "Urmi, I promise you that I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. I will change, I will grow, I will do whatever it takes to prove myself to you. Just please, don't give up on me yet."

Urmi looked at him, and for a moment, Deb thought that he saw a glimmer of hope in her eyes. But then she spoke, and her words cut him deep. "Deb, I need to know that you are willing to do whatever it takes to make me happy. I need to know that you are willing to change and grow with me. Can you do that for me?"

Deb felt a surge of determination, and he knew that he had to prove himself to her. He took a deep breath and started to speak again. "Urmi, I promise you that I will do whatever it