The phone was ringing at home; I had to tell him that he could make a call from here itself. Prarthana had already stepped out of the gate, Himavant was busy washing the soap suds from his hair, his face was covered with a towel. By the time he arrived, Prarthana had already sat down with Debu, her eyes were fixed on the telephone. 

You would have come to know about this even before your life was over; I would have dropped you at Davanagere and gone back. I hate you and you will be hating me in the morning. If I had left you in Shivamogga, you would have stayed there itself; my wife would have stayed there itself; she would have stayed there like that only. Love you. 

Last night, in this hotel room, I had lit a candle and sat there, waiting for the morning light. I had to come back to you, Prarthana, without fail. I had left you alone in this room; I had left you like that only. I had told you that I would come back to you; I had told you that I would come back to you. 

Debu, you love me so deeply; you love me so intensely. You know my relationship with Himavant so well; you know that it is not a physical relationship that can change. You know that it is not a relationship that can change even for a reason. But you are troubled, Debu; you are troubled like that only. 

You are troubled because I left my wife like that; you are troubled because I left my wife like that. If I had been with Himavant at that time, I would have been a madman; I would have been a madman like that only. It is not my love for Himavant that is a mad love; it is not my love for Himavant that is a mad love. It is a love that is so strong, so intense, that it is not possible to bear it; it is a love that is so strong, so intense, that it is not possible to bear it. 

As I was leaving the room, I remembered that I had not given the telephone booth money to the person who had given me the call; it was a small thing, but it was a sign of the great disaster that was to come. It was a sign of the great disaster that was to come. 

In the evening, Himavant had brought Prarthana to the hotel; on the way, they had met many people, but Himavant had not introduced Prarthana to anyone. He had not introduced Prarthana to anyone. 

Six months ago, when I was going to Davanagere, I had Prarthana with me. It was a different time; it was a different time.