I had left for Bengaluru that day and was supposed to return. But I had to go to Shivamogga as well. Was I supposed to go there? I had to go, but I didn't know if I would be able to, as I had a meeting with Prarthana today. You are supposed to be a sweets merchant, aren't you? I had heard that Rasool Jamadar had called me on 711. He was a great artist, and in one sentence, he had explained everything. He had stayed at the Jewel Rock Hotel in Shivamogga. I had actually called Prarthana from there, but she hadn't received the call. She had been in Shivamogga, but I hadn't been able to reach her. I had called her from the hotel, but she hadn't picked up. I had thought that she was with someone, and I had hung up. I had heard that she had been in Shivamogga, but I hadn't been able to reach her. I had thought that she was with someone, and I had hung up. I had been in a hurry, as I had to leave for Davanagere, and then I had to return to Shivamogga. I had thought that I would be able to meet her there, but now I was not so sure. I had met Urmi and Kaveri in Davanagere, and they were the two most important people I had to meet. I had seen Urmi, and she was sitting in front of me, on the opposite side of the road. I had thought that I would ask her about Debu, but I didn't know if I should or not. I had decided to ask her, but I had hesitated. I had thought that there might be some misunderstanding, and I didn't want to make things worse. I had asked her, but she hadn't replied. I had asked her again, but she had just looked at me silently. "What did you do?" I had asked her. "Is it related to Debu's matter?" I had asked her. "I had come to propose to you," I had said. "Oh, I'm so sorry," she had said. "I didn't know that you were in love with me." "Thanks for the concern," I had said. "I'll be back," I had said. "I had made up my mind even before I left." "Debu is a very good person," I had said. "He is very pure and honest." "I believe in him," I had said. "He is worthy of being loved." But I had also said that every woman loves Debu for a moment, but it's not possible for her to love him forever.