"Why should I listen, Prarthana?" 

Himavant’s voice sounded like that of a being who had no connection to the real world. Prarthana felt afraid, and that was when it struck Himavant. There is no state of mind more dangerous than that. She had to make Himavant talk, by any means necessary; she had to bring him back to the reality of today and convince him that this relationship was ending right now. If he didn't feel pain, if he didn't feel shock, if he didn't get angry, if he didn't blame her, if he didn't curse her—Himavant would never behave like a normal human being again. The injustice done until now was enough; she could not leave Himavant broken mentally, standing in this lightless wasteland. He was God.

Prarthana grabbed the hand of the walking Himavant and stopped him. Not knowing what else to do, she leaned her head on his shoulder and began to sob loudly. Her warm tears began to soak the shoulder of Himavant’s rough jubba. But Himavant had become so stony that he didn't make a single small effort to comfort her. 

They both collapsed onto a mound of earth nearby, as if their strength had given out. With her face buried in Himavant’s lap, she cried for a long time. Himavant sat motionless, as if waiting for all her tears to pour out until they were finished. After a long while, Prarthana sat up. Like someone utterly exhausted, Himavant lay flat on his back, leaning against the mound of earth. Both were silent for a long time, as if they had already said all the words that needed to be said.

Finally, Prarthana spoke: "You might think I am deceiving you a lot, Himu. But I am helpless. You never taught me what love is. You only taught me adoration. Even today, the devotion and adoration I have for you have not diminished by even a blade of grass. You will always be God to me! I have not deceived God. I have worshipped God; I have adored God; I still respect you. But I have started to love a human being. You might think this is just infatuation, Himu. I am a human. For those who are human, there is love, attachment, desire, longing, lust, urgency—everything exists. And all of those must be fulfilled by humans. What love is, was shown to me by the one who is God, and I could not push that away, Himu. I have reached this decision thinking like a mere human. I am telling you everything without hiding anything. You are the one who, with great hope and great difficulty, got me into college. After finishing the course, becoming a doctor, and coming to touch my forehead to your feet—you will forgive me..."