"Urmila akka, before that, you must forgive me. I know I am the biggest sinner of all. But I am the youngest, younger than you, younger than Debu, younger than God himself. Can’t you forgive me? I will be indebted to you for the rest of my life. There is no one else who can drape a saree as neatly on me as you do. Tomorrow, the groom’s family is coming to see me; if you were here, mother wouldn’t have to struggle alone, would she? In the morning, bring me a flower or a kiss, and send me home. Once I return, I will drown you in kisses, Debu." 

Prarthana wrote this letter in her lovely handwriting, placed it in an envelope, and without sealing it, left it prominently on Urmila’s bed pillow. Then, as if remembering something, she wrote 'Prarthane' on the envelope. Having just seen Urmila reading very seriously in the library, she concluded that it might be quite late before she returned; so, Prarthana turned off all the lights in the room and lay down. 

Sleep did not come immediately. Why did he ask that question, when he should have been responding to the invitation of pleasure? Why did the question of what Sujay might have done on the Harihar road haunt Debu, especially in such intense, final moments? Did Debu babu suddenly doubt her? Does he really think that something improper happened between her and Sujay? Impossible. Debu is not that kind of man. A man with such an open mind, who would sit for hours and talk about his hundreds of trivial details, could never harbor such petty suspicions. Perhaps he would never ask such a question again. If he were to start asking, couldn't she ask as well? Kaveramma's house; the Muslim girlfriend from his third year; that girl Hemalatha from the senior batch; and finally, Urmila didi! Did he have just one or two? Such things are known to all; in a man's life, there may be hundreds of such instances. A wife must ignore all of them. How you were until yesterday, or why you were that way—I don't need to know. From today, you are mine, only mine. And as for me, you know that I was with Himavant for months; if one starts digging, there is a history to that as well. But what is the use of digging? They are things that died long ago; digging them up only makes the stench unbearable. Forget all that. From tomorrow, a new life must branch out, Mitra. She decided to explain this to him. Her mind turned to Debu's parents.