Saying "go" is easy, but then it occurred to her—a girl can just as easily turn a boy's garden-like life into a graveyard. Does a single girl have the power to achieve both dreams and destruction in one stroke? Doesn't she have just that? Urmila thought to herself. She remembered the half-built, dark-colored Prarthana Layout. Is that all? Is Himavant's entire life now ruined beyond repair? Can dreams never sprout there again? Urmila talked to herself. For a moment, she felt angry at Prarthana. What right does she have to be this happy? Whose grave did she pluck these flowers from to tuck into her hair? What is her "qualification" to be like this, anyway? Of course, Prarthana is not like me, someone who craved desires and lost all shame, someone who drank. She is not someone who smoked cigarettes incessantly like me. earned notoriety in college like me, nor someone who caught the eyes of thousands of boys. Even if she committed small mistakes, it was due to Debu’s company. Otherwise, where would Prarthana get the courage to drink wine? come out onto the Harihar road at midnight with someone like Sujay? From the society’s perspective, Prarthana is a "good girl"! She is the perfect girl for a rich, handsome man like Debu; someone who is visible to anyone's eyes.

But who has seen Himavant? Wasn't it for this very girl that he soaked his sweat and blood in money, only to send it to Davanagere? her that he would wake up at ungodly hours, pack a handful of sweets, and set off for Davanagere just as he stood? While he worried that drinking half a cup of coffee would mean less money to send to Prarthana, this girl would sit with Debu, drinking expensive liquor and stepping on his feet. While Himavant walked barefoot from the fields of the dark-colored layout to the markets of Shivamogga, she would sit leaning against Debu’s chest, learning to drive a car. While he was lost in dreams and hallucinations, naming an innocent calf 'Prarthana', she was celebrating by inscribing the name 'Prarthana Bandopadhyay' on the edges of her books. While Himavant collapsed on the mounds of mud, his chest bursting as he screamed 'Prarthana', Prarthana was moaning in pleasure within the embrace of Debu. What qualification does she have to enjoy a happy life? That is what Urmila thought.