Just leave? / 311

"Are you going to come back?" Himavant asked, speaking while searching for her face in the darkness. She did not answer immediately. A dense silence began to play between them. "You are very grumpy, Himu!" Suddenly, the tone and direction of the conversation shifted, as if she had effortlessly let go of all previous sounds, Prarthana steered the conversation in a new direction. "Yes, Giddi, I didn't have as much patience as you. But do you know how much patience you have cultivated since joining college? I used to get restless the moment I felt hungry. When I learned that your hostel wouldn't serve dinner until nine o'clock, I wouldn't eat until nine, no matter how hungry I was," he said, sounding innocent. "Sometimes, something would remind me of you, and I would get up halfway through. Why would tears fall while I was washing my dry hands? Why did all that happen, Prarthana?" he asked. "Because long before nine o'clock, I would be sitting at a dhaba with Debu, drinking whiskey, having forgotten everything. I had become so oblivious that it didn't even occur to me that you might be hungry. You are a god, Himu. Didn't you know that? What does a god do when he finds out? The elder one just sheds tears and stays alone. We are the ones who are human. We live by lying to ourselves!" Saying this, she became overwhelmed with emotion. Calling her "Giddi," he wiped the tears that seemed to be freezing on Prarthana's cheeks in that darkness, with a sense of tenderness. When overflowing with love, Himavant would call Prarthana "Giddi" just like that. "Whatever else you say, I won't be satisfied, look. As soon as you say 'Giddi,' it makes me feel like it is just me. Because Himu, I know that in this lifetime, I will never be able to grow to your height. This is all there is for this life," Prarthana sighed. Then, they both talked about Channarayapatna, about Shivamogga, about Nandakka, about the terrace where they used to sit together in the nights, about the excitement of the early mornings when leaving for Davangere, about the sadness that would seize them both as soon as they reached the bus stand, and about the vast distance of miles that spread between them. They talked incessantly. While talking, Prarthana lay down on the same mat, placing her head on Himavant's arm as a pillow, right beside him. He stroked her hair once with cool, affectionate tenderness.