Wearing a silk dhoti, carrying fruits, and offering milk and honey in a silver cup, Debu was prepared for the ritual of formalizing the word, according to their family tradition. He had brought a colored shirt and clothes for Debu at his own expense, along with a six-hundred-rupee wristwatch and a thin gold ring that looked like foil. Debu’s father had recited the engagement mantras. When asked when they would wear them, he had sat there shyly, fidgeting, as if afraid that the engagement would break if he spoke. "Both are studying; at the very least, I don't see the wedding happening until he finishes his course. If both of you are prepared by then, we will take care of the expenses on both sides and get you married ourselves," Debu’s father had said voluntarily, easing my father's worries. After finishing the engagement and folding his hands to both sets of in-laws, he had just said "I'll be going" to Prarthana and left. Prarthana herself felt that there was nothing more to be done by him staying there longer. Everyone was wearing new clothes; they went to Chetana Hotel, had a meal, and returned. Saying goodbye to them at night, as Prarthana walked towards the hostel with Urmila, the one thing she couldn't understand was his silence. His name was Shivarajayya! Like a wholesale medicine dealer in Davanagere, he was known to Debu’s father in a business capacity; a family friend. When Debu came to Davanagere and joined medical college, he had been his local guardian; an elder who kept a watchful eye on Debu. After many days of observing Debu hanging out with Prarthana, Uncle Shivarajayya had written a letter to his father. It was only when Chandranath Babu wrote a reply to that letter that it fell into Prarthana's hands, and matters had reached the point of marriage. However, during the engagement, Uncle Shivarajayya had sat without uttering a single word; perhaps that was just his nature. Prarthana had thought she would thank him after the engagement ended. The day Prarthana went looking for Uncle Shivarajayya’s wholesale shop herself. Seeing her at the door, he stood up and, as if to say "Come, girl," he led her to his chamber and sat down opposite her. Shivarajayya... "I came to say thank you to you, Uncle, for helping settle the debt."