"Tell me, Urmi, isn’t that the very reason I am terrified? Will Himavant do something to himself? If such a thing were to happen, I could never live in peace. Urmi, I am truly a sinner," Prarthana said, beginning to cry again.

"Let Prarthana cry, let Prarthana die. May her life become so unbearable that she can never live happily!" Urmila thought of cursing her, but instead, she just left her alone. Before setting out for Channarayapatna, she packed a bag with a few clothes.

"Look Prarthana; I am telling you today. You shouldn't have taken the decision to marry Debu after leaving Himavant. Of course, that was your personal decision, but you could have let Himavant live, even if it was based on the lies you told him, for a few more days. You were in too much of a hurry. You acted too ruthlessly. Just for your own comfort, to lighten your own guilt, you killed the dreams of a man like Himavant in a single night.

I’m telling you today what I had kept hidden until now—listen. Without you knowing, I have gone to Shivamogga many times. I have seen with my own eyes the many stages of the 'Prarthana Layout' that Himavant was dreaming of. He is a great dreamer. More than that, human being. To decide that in this world, there is only one girl for him, and to build dreams based solely on her—that is only possible for boys like Himavant. It is not something people like me or you can do.

Look, I have noticed how much you have changed from the day you arrived until today. But you haven't meeting Himavant has changed me. It has been months since I had a drink or smoked a single cigarette. How you could leave a man like Himavant and head toward this disease called Debu—I still don't understand. Whether you get love or not is your personal matter, but if I were in your place, I would never have turned to look at a man like Debu, let alone a dog like Rasool Jamadar!

Debu just left after trying to console you. The necessity to be consoled isn't yours; it’s Himu's!"

Urmila walked out without stopping, her voice steady and devoid of fluctuations. Whatever she said, until she reached Shivamogga, there was only one restless thought: Himavant did not have a weak personality. But would he do something to himself? No, he wasn't that...