Urmila stroked his dust-covered forehead as he tried to turn his face away and lie on her lap. She changed the cloth on his burning forehead. Slowly, she wiped his hair and chest with a cold, wet cloth. While doing all this, her touch felt like a mother’s natural affection.

In that exhaustion, Himavant struggled to open his eyes and looked at her. "You didn't tell me what you talked about with Prarthana," he murmured. Even though he tried not to ask, the question seemed to have slipped out, as if it could no longer be suppressed in his throat.

Himavant looked at her with a mix of surprise, scrutiny, and deep empathy. Looking at her this way, he wondered, even in his fever, isn't a woman a total sum of such astonishing combinations? He was in no state to talk about it.

"She said she did everything you asked her to do; I have no other expectations left. I will just wait for Himavant to come to Hyderabad," Prarthana had said.

"Will you go to Hyderabad, Himavant?" Urmila asked after a while. Her inner mind told her she could have asked this tomorrow after the fever subsided, but a strange distress was compelling her to speak. The pain she felt now was more intense than the agony she felt the first time she received a call from Rasool Jamadar, who had cried out saying that Debu’s life was in danger because of Prarthana. The second time, when that same Prarthana said, "Take good care of Himu for just this one night; I am only waiting for him to come," the pain felt even sharper than the fever.

She thought that if it were any other day, Himavant would have woken up and talked, no matter what mood he was in. But the very next moment, realizing her own distress and suffering were pointless, she began wishing that Himavant would sleep well and his fever would go down.

There was a time when she thought it would be better to take him to a nursing home as the fever was getting severely intense. But as if Himavant wanted none of that, at the crack of dawn, he got up with her support and went to wash his face with cold water. By the time Urmila went to the room to bring him coffee, he had locked the door from the inside.

Ignoring such a high fever, he began pouring cold water over himself. Seeing this, Urmila was about to scream that he would catch pneumonia if he bathed in cold water like that, but she heard him chanting a mantra from inside the bathroom. No matter how hard she tried to listen, she couldn't make it out.