Neither of them can see each other; they are sitting in the dark, beside a pit that has been dug, and nothing can be seen clearly. But to his mind, everything seems like the world's most beautiful and pure thing, like a man and woman becoming one. Is this not the ultimate truth? Why do we love such people and think that we should be like them? Why do we sanctify this act of becoming one, and this daily love? If love is not present, can this act not happen? And if this act is not present, can love not happen? 

The laborer, who was merging with her beside the pit, did he have love for her? Did I have as much love for Prarthana? Just then, a bird, whose name was unknown, flew out from behind a heap of mud, near the pit, making a strange noise and flapping its wings. Himavant became even more dejected. The laborers, wrapping their bodies in their clothes, got up and left without saying a word. 

Himavant went to the drum kept in the courtyard, filled with water, and poured some water over his stone-walled house. He thought about what Prarthana might be doing at that moment. He felt a sense of satisfaction after bathing in the well water, which had been drawn up and filled to the brim. Standing on the slab in front of the well, he felt a sense of relief after bathing seven or eight times in the cold water. 

But then he thought, what is the point of bathing? Does it cleanse the mind or just the body? If it's just the body, then everyone who is alive would bathe after someone dies, to cleanse themselves of the impurity. Does bathing really cleanse the mind? Even after a funeral, men and women bathe and then go to the temple. Is this bathing just a ritual? Why am I bathing like this, drawing water from the well? The water that I am pouring over my body is only cleansing my body, not my mind. 

As soon as this thought occurred to him, he poured the last pot of water over himself and threw the pot down on the ground. He then walked back to his house, pushing open the creaky door. The door creaked like the door of Ravana's palace in the epic, and just like that, the door of his house opened. Urmila, whose name he had just learned, was standing in the courtyard, her face pale.