He did not want to say 'hello' to Sujay who was coming from the opposite direction, nor did he want to sit in the cinema hall just to pass the time; he had reached a point where he felt he needed nothing at all. He sat on the stone platform and smoked a cigarette. The thought of being here was becoming tiresome; his mind was unwilling to accept it, as if his very entrails were being wrung out. A junior girl came by on a Kinetic; she stopped the vehicle in the shade of a tree, adjusted the scarf that was wrapped tightly around her neck, and asked mockingly, "Why so looking melancholy? Couldn't find any girlfriends? Feeling lonely? If your Mercedes car is boring you, tell me; I’ll take you around the town on my Kinetic. Your mood will brighten up, what do you say?" Deb knew her; name was Susan Rodrigues, an Anglo-Indian girl with blue, eyes. She had been with him for ten days last year. Throughout those days, he had behaved in a way that gave him a strange sense of satisfaction—that he was deceiving this blue-eyed girl so elegantly and easily, without her ever understanding it. On the eleventh day, he had brought her back to Davanagere and said, "Enough, Susan. Enough is enough. My life is more important to me than all this. There are only two months left for the exams; I need to sit and study. You won't find me from tomorrow. Let's not meet." When he said that, she had wept as if the valves of her heart were breaking. But that was only for that day. The next day, she was with another boy. Deb thought she was just going around with someone else to vent her hatred and frustration towards him. Within two months, the two of them had left their respective hostels and started living in a separate house. "To hell with you," he thought to himself and crushed the cigarette under his boot. You girls are all the same. Today, you weep so loudly that you might as well die, and by evening, you are filled with such cruelty that you kill us with your laughter. Standing next to another man, for the mistake of ten days of love, you demand the tax of an entire lifetime. I should leave everyone and go somewhere. Prarthana, Urmila—they shouldn't be there. Not even Susan—a place where no one is around. Even Kaveri’s house is a closed chapter now; the lust of the lower belly is dead. Enough, of wandering among women, enough of being drowned in the 'stuff'. It should end. I should go somewhere, be all alone, and unburden my heavy heart to someone. Who are these people? Prarthana, Urmila, Susan, the girls from Kaveri’s house.