Himavant couldn't bear the thought of Prarthana's Layout going bankrupt. It was not just a business venture for him; it was a dream that had taken shape in his mind. He had invested all his savings in it, and now it seemed to be slipping away from him. The real estate market in Shivamogga was in a slump, and the prices of the Layout's plots were plummeting. Himavant knew that if he didn't act fast, he would lose everything.

He had always been a cautious man, but the fear of failure was gnawing at him. He had been warned by Rasool Jamadar, the local leader, that he should not have ventured into the real estate business. But Himavant had been confident that he could make it work. Now, he was not so sure.

As he sat in his office, staring at the files and papers on his desk, Himavant felt a sense of desperation creeping in. He knew that he had to do something, but he didn't know what. He thought about Prarthana, who had always been his rock, his support. She had been the one who had encouraged him to take the risk, who had believed in him when he didn't believe in himself.

But now, as the reality of the situation sunk in, Himavant felt a pang of guilt. He had put Prarthana's Layout in jeopardy, and he didn't know how to get out of it. He thought about the phone calls he had received from the creditors, the threats they had made, the deadlines they had given him.

Himavant's mind was a jumble of thoughts and emotions. He didn't know what to do, where to turn. He felt trapped, helpless, and alone. He thought about calling Prarthana, but he didn't want to burden her with his problems. He knew that she was worried about him, but he didn't want to add to her stress.

As the night wore on, Himavant's anxiety grew. He couldn't sleep, couldn't eat. He was consumed by thoughts of failure, of loss, of shame. He knew that he had to do something, but he didn't know what. He was at a loss, a man without a plan, a man without a future.

And then, just as he was about to give up, Himavant remembered something. He remembered the words of Rasool Jamadar, the local leader. "You are not a man to be trifled with," he had said. "You are a man of action, a man who takes risks." Himavant thought about those words, and a spark of determination ignited within him.

He would not give up. He would not let Prarthana's Layout go bankrupt. He would find a way, any way, to save it. He would not let his family down, his friends down, his community down. He would rise to the challenge, and he would overcome it.

With newfound determination, Himavant got out of his chair, and he began to pace back and forth in his office. He thought about his options, his possibilities, his chances. He knew that it wouldn't be easy, but he was ready to face the challenge head-on.

And as he walked, Himavant felt a sense of hope rising within him. He knew that he could do it, that he would do it. He would save Prarthana's Layout, and he would emerge victorious.