Tell Me Before You Go / 241

It was getting late; still, after getting off at Shivamogga and taking an auto to the plains of Gadikoppa, by the time she reached the courtyard of the stone house, her heart was beating uncontrollably—what state would Himavant be in when he faced her? How could she console him? Standing before the door, she had never imagined that Himavant would confront her with such surprise, in such neat attire and posture. He didn't even ask, "Why are you leaving by deceiving me?" What does it mean to be stoic? The cold detachment in Himavant's eyes felt more frightening than any situation she had imagined.

In the meantime, Himavant stood up, placed a chair in the soft light of the veranda, asked Urmila to sit, and went inside the house. He came out carrying a steel glass filled with sweetened milk. Even though no words were exchanged between them, the instruction, "Drink this milk; let's go out for a while," was understood in his silence.

Urmila got up, went to the washroom, and washed her face. While drying her face in the backyard, she saw the calf standing in the shed staring at her with wide eyes, and remembering that its name was 'Prarthana', she felt as if her heart was being wrung.

"It's quite far, but let's walk. It will be a bit dark by the time we return. It doesn't matter; darkness is better than light. Even if it is a deception, it is not visible to the eye. Let's go!"

Himavant, who had locked the door of the stone house and started walking, had spoken his first words. After exiting the plains of Gadikoppa, he did not turn towards Shivamogga but began leading Urmila in the exact opposite direction. Try as she might, Urmila could not bring herself to ask about the matter. There was no briskness in their walk. After walking for a long time, the forest on both sides of the road began to thicken.

"See, from here begins my new authority and my new ego. In just a few days, I will come here from Gadikoppa. I will have a new layout made. With just bamboos, I will make a small estate for myself right here in the middle of the forest. I will build a small, hut-like house. Within the next three months, I will buy a car. The next time I come to Davanagere, I will come by car. This is the beginning of my second dream, the start ego. Do you see that small board there? It's getting dark already. Go a little closer and take a look."