did not feel like a companion. What do I know about the desires of a male body? I am just a body from Mangalore, only flesh; you can adorn it as you wish. I have no sorrow, desire dies very quickly, but you should not have loved Urmi. I cannot regain my composure without teaching you a lesson in return; not sometime later, but today, right now. Deciding so, as if driven by madness or impulse, she walked briskly down Balaji street and entered a telephone booth. There was no need to find the boys' hostel number. But she didn't know his room number. What's in the number? "I am Prarthana speaking... Is Sujoy, Debu's roommate, there? Sujoy Malhotra? Could you please call him urgently?" she blurted out. For a moment, she couldn't explain her own behaviour. Why Sujoy Malhotra above all else? Had her mind, without her knowing, ever thought of him before? No chance. Her mind was drowned in thoughts of Debu. Sujoy never even crossed her mind. If he started talking about Sujoy, she would dismiss him with, "Talk about something else, Debu." He might be handsome, true, but she had never, ever thought of Sujoy in this manner. So why did she tell them to call him at the boys' hostel? For some reason, a victorious smile seemed to play on Prarthana's lips. If she wanted all of Debu's peace, pride, and happiness to be shattered, it had to be him, his closest friend. A boy who considered Debu superior in everything. Debu was not as rich as him; not as intelligent as him. His stature was also not noteworthy. His appearance was also nothing to write home about. But watch, Debu, I will defy you and walk arm in arm with someone inferior to you. The whole college will laugh at you. What did I say? Are you not a master flirt? You cunning fellow, who probes into Urmi Didi's inner self while appeasing me. Do you think I cannot do what you did? Watch. As soon as she finished speaking, a voice from the other side said, "Sujoy here." "Come immediately. I know you don't have a car. Come on the bike. Today I am in a very good mood. The faster you drive on the Harihara road, the better company you'll be. I need a drink. Please, Sujoy."