Do I hate? I asked myself. If it is true that I loved with all my heart, then yes; and that is the right decision, I concluded. By the time the realization reached me from head to toe, it was as if I had taken a purifying bath. Standing naked in the bathroom, Himavant looked at himself for a moment. He had never been intimate with a woman, and he never would be. Until now, apart from Prarthana, he had not loved any other woman, nor would he. There was no room left in his body and mind for love, only for hate. It was as if the word 'woman' had been cancelled out. 'I hate women,' he decided, and taking a clean jubba from the cupboard, he put it on.

He stood in front of the mirror with great devotion. Only a few hours ago, his face had been devoid of any expression, without even a trace of an indelible mark of grief. "You shouldn't be like this, Himavant!" he told himself as he looked at his reflection. He closed the door, locked the main gate, and noticing that work had begun in the open field behind his house in Gadikoppa, he pushed his moped and set off towards Shivamogga. As he rode, he monitored his mind to see if it would wander, but by the time he reached Shivamurthy Circle, he felt lighter and happier than he had for the past two and a half years. For the first time, he realized that hate had this kind of power.

However, in the eyes of Shanthappa, who met Himavant, there were questions for the first time. Just the day before, Prarthana had come looking for Himavant. A few hours after that, Deebu had come. Shanthappa had given them the Gadikoppa address and sent them away. Now Himavant had come. Having arrived, Himavant did not even exchange pleasantries. He had no answer when asked about Prarthana. Standing on the veranda without even entering, he had said, "I need one lakh rupees. Right away."

"Isn't that my own money? I will give it to you. Wait, maybe Prarthana needed it, come inside and sit, brother," Shanthappa’s words did not seem to reach Himavant’s ears. He took the bag of money Shanthappa brought from the inner room and left without even saying a 'thank you'. Himavant's behavior did not seem like his usual self. Just two...