He would not forgive this in his life. More than that, find the affection in the eyes of this girl, Prarthana, directed towards him in this lifetime. For the first time, a storm brewed within Prarthana. She had no need to repent for it. Her life until now was a curse. To offer herself to him with so much affection, and he was lying there, rolling around with Urmi. With two women! With Didi... "Damn Debu," she thought, it was impossible to stand there any longer. She turned towards home, not looking back even once as if for the last time, and walked back into the dark passage, heading towards the street. If she had looked back, perhaps the directions of her life and Debu's life would have changed. Because Debu, who had suddenly come to the door, watched Prarthana walking away with shock. His sharp eyes were fixed on the bareness of her back, not covered by her blouse, and in those eyes, an age-old desire was yawning. "So, will she come back?" Debu said to himself. "Urmi will never come to my room, to my evenings, to my proximity, again. Because she saw me with that Mangalore woman. She is possessive. She will never forgive me. But Prarthana is not like that. She might have confirmed that the Mangalore girl was with me. heard every word Urmi cursed me with. She might even know about my relationship with Urmi. Still, she will come back. Because she is emotional. The sulking of emotional girls doesn't last long. She cannot live without me. At this point, she won't go back to Himavant either. Prarthana is helpless." Thinking this, he went back inside and locked the door. The lingering effects of the champagne he drank in the afternoon still felt in his lungs. Such evenings call for whisky. He took a bottle of whisky from the liquor cabinet. As he gulped down the first sip, Prarthana had reached the turn of the road in front of the gate. Had half an hour passed? Didi would be waiting in the room. But for him, time seemed to have stopped. It was like a lightning bolt striking the fortress of her innocent feelings. Two years ago, in the village house, with her sister-in-law, seeing her father in that state...