You don't need to see me to know that whatever you do for me, Himavant, with love or with resentment, is all because of love. If you read this with devotion, then only will you understand the power that lay in my fingers, the power that Prarthana too never tried to suppress, not even when she spoke of her father and mother with utmost reverence; not even when she left without telling them anything. She left the house wearing the same clothes she had worn when she came in, and went all the way to the medical college in Davangere, where she was admitted and where she was determined to pay off Himavant's debt, no matter how long it took. You don't iron a man's clothes, Urmi; I have come to think of Himavant as my very existence: his clothes, his hair, his scent, his touch, the memory of his mother who lived within him, his confidence, his security - what is there that one can live without loving? How long have you been waiting for me, Urmi? Where have you been? Where has he been? You have been waiting for me, reading for me, for my health, for my happiness - what have you been through? You will never be my home, Urmi. He is not there to make you happy. The pain of missing him is what you feel, isn't it? Prarthana was talking to herself, lost in her thoughts, unable to distinguish between her own emotions and her own foolishness. She was not talking about Himavant; she was talking about any man. The love you have for a man, the companionship, the trust, the respect - all these have become a habit for you, Urmi. You have put your foot on Himavant's chest, and you are feeling secure, feeling comfortable. But that's not what you need, Urmi. You need to feel the insecurity, the uncertainty, the fear - that's what the world is all about. You need to feel the pain of loving, the pain of missing. Think about it, Urmi, for a moment. Himavant will come to Davangere tomorrow, and he will be there. But for five years, he will be away, studying. You will be here, waiting for him, reading for him, for his health, for his happiness - what will you go through? You will never be his home, Urmi. He will never be here to make you happy. Any boy can do what I am doing, Urmi. I am not doing it for Himavant; I am doing it for you. I am not doing it out of love; I am doing it out of habit. I am not doing it because I love Himavant; I am doing it because I love you. But you don't need me, Urmi. You don't need a boy to make you happy. Any boy can do what I am doing.