Tell me the reason for leaving / 254

Having reached a decision and stepping toward a new life, she wondered if the life she had rejected could become her own. Who really knows the outcome of life? Why such harsh words? Urmila, who had treated her like a younger sister all this time, melted into tears as she held her when she was leaving. Sobbing, she said, "I'm leaving, Didi. Your love will always..." Urmila became tearful as well. Weeping, she said, "You fool, would my love ever change? May your life turn to gold. Build your life beautifully. Love Debu as much as you want, but don't imitate him. They say the lives of those whose first love has broken experience the most happiness in their second. Be happy. The more you value Debu in your love, the better he will look after you and love you. Life is like that. At times, I have spoken out of turn and said things because I lost control; do not keep those things in your heart. Tell Debu that I said the same to him. Prepare well for your exams. Write them well. Once everything is over, the three of us will go to a restaurant in Debu's car, eat to our hearts' content, and return. No drinking! From now on, you shouldn't drink either!"

Urmila’s eyes were filled with tears as she said this. Prarthana hugged her tightly as if she were hugging her own mother. After she left with her luggage, Urmila felt very empty. The only consolation she had was that she, too, would be vacating the room in a day. Her life thereafter would be in the open fields of Gadekoppa.

While packing her clothes, she wondered—what was she feeling? She went to the city and bought half a dozen cotton sarees. Was it to impress Himavant? She didn't know. He had never objected to her wearing jeans. Still, she felt he might like her in a saree. Why? Urmila didn't know.

After packing her books and clothes, and after the events of the month unfolded, once she went to Shivamogga, two strange things happened in Davangere regarding Prarthana. Those incidents were so trivial that Debu and she did not take them seriously. It was a Saturday morning, around seven o'clock, when someone knocked on the door. Sujay was still sleepy when he got up to unbolt the door. The figure standing outside said, "Debanna, they say you need to give the clothes..."