Listen, love you! And feel sorry for Prarthana the girl. The song of Mohammed Rafi stopped abruptly.

I love you... even now I love you, Prarthana. The thought of you makes me feel like I'm going to go crazy. I chose to be a sacrificial animal for you, and I feel sorry for you. The first time I heard the song, I was struck by its beauty. Debashish, who had sung it so melodiously, knew the emotions behind it; there was no pretence in his voice. He was singing with all his heart, and I could feel the intensity of his emotions. He had been in love with me since the day I went to college, and he had been singing this song with the same intensity for years. He could have been with any of the hundred girls who were fond of him, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with Kasuti Kaveramma's house, fallen and gotten up, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any girl, but he chose to be with me. He could have been with any