"Tell me the reason, 20."

Rasool Jamadar sighed. "It was fate. A cursed outcome that silenced speech." For the first time, Urmila spoke, forgetting that she was a doctor. "Don't get agitated, mother. It’s not the child's fault. It has taken away her speech; it has taken away her sleep. Bringing her home was meant to protect you! Our Himavant is no longer the man he once was, mother." Just as Rasool Jamadar began to speak, a dark cloud floated in from somewhere and began to cover the fields of Gadikoppa. In a very soft voice, Rasool Jamadar began to narrate the story of Himavant’s inhumane revenge.

By the time Urmila returned home, the evening had died and night had fallen. The SP's car parked at the door confirmed that Himavant was in the house; however, there were no lights inside. The door creaked open as if pushed. Although she was certain that the person slumped on the sofa in the inner room was Himavant, she stood at the doorway for a minute, unable to walk freely into the dark house. Himavant, who had been sitting as if lying down on the sofa, shifted slightly. Urmila’s eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness inside. "Come, Urmi," he said, rising from the sofa. A strange fear gripped Urmila in the darkness of the unlit inner room. It intensified the moment she saw Himavant’s face in the light. She stood stunned for a moment. It felt as if there was no connection between the Himavant she saw every day and the Himavant standing before her now. There was no life in Himavant's eyes; they looked like two lumps of coal stuck on either side of his nose. His lips were completely dried out and appeared lifeless. The weariness of centuries seemed to have condensed on his face. His hair looked like the bristles of a broom that had swept dirt and been set aside. There was no vitality in his walk as he returned to the sofa after switching on the light. Asking, "What has happened to you, Himu?", she rushed toward him. But, suddenly, the story of Himavant’s revenge, which Rasool Jamadar had spent the whole day telling her, came to mind, and she stopped abruptly, feeling as though she shouldn't go near him.