Prarthana sits under this tree and hums in a soft voice; that is why I water it. A person in love is incredibly selfish. As Urmila's selfishness grows, love only deepens; and that is not just the selfishness of wanting to possess her. It is not the selfishness of sleeping with her, but rather, when eating a morsel of food mixed with a little curd, the thought of her makes it feel so delicious. Many years ago, in Birur, I felt as if Prarthana’s thumb had been split in the same way some girl had tripped, broken her big toe, and cried with a stinging pain in her eyes. And behind that, how much further is Davangere? At most, two and a half years. Prarthana will surely come. To how many thousands of such girls will she stand as a sister? Thinking of that, I swell with pride, feeling like an ocean caught in the pull of a full moon. Urmila, if she were not there, could I have done any of this? If I think of a day without her, then for me, the sun does not rise; dreams do not take birth. You know, a person who cannot conceive a dream cannot achieve anything. In Himavant’s voice, there was an honesty that only gods possess. Although Urmila wanted to ask the question, "If, by any chance, we lose Prarthana... what will you do, Himavant?" she did not have the courage. But, as if to make Urmila shudder, Himavant himself began to speak of that very matter. For some reason, his lips trembled, his eyes turned to stone. A whirlwind seemed to rise from within him, beginning to envelop him. "I love her so much, Urmila. Have I ever thought about what might happen if she becomes unreachable to me, if Prarthana slips out of my hands? For some reason, I am terrified, Urmila. Not about her—it is the fear itself that terrifies me. Because I know very well: the day she leaves my life, the foundations of every house I have built in the fields of Gadikoppa will crumble. The water in the wells I have dug will dry up. Every sapling I have planted will wither from the roots up. The milk of the cow in my backyard will turn to poison. You do not know, Urmila, but total destruction falls like rain pouring from the sky." Saying this, he stopped. For a long time, both of them did not speak. Then, taking Urmila along, he showed her, with great excitement, a small garden he had built right next to the hospital, where none of the saplings were ones he had [planted] before.