It was not necessary to be so sentimental before getting married. Prarthana sat up, her eyes wide with a hint of annoyance. It was the 35th night, and she had been lying awake, thinking about this very thing; how she would cry when she had to part with Himavant. She didn't even bother to look at the bed, which was still in disarray from the previous night. She was always restless, always interested in reading, and if she didn't have a book to read, she would get agitated. She couldn't bear the thought of being in a hostel or a college, where she would have to be surrounded by people all the time.

When the evening came, she would get up, throw the book aside, and lie down on the bed, trying to suppress her sighs. She would tell herself, "Relax, you're more tired than Himavant. You've finished your studies, and you've come to the medical college. You're living, and that's all that matters. You're fine." But the thought of Himavant would still linger in her mind. She would think, "What's the point of studying so hard? Will it make a difference in the end? Will I be able to make Himavant proud?" And so, she would get agitated, her hand trembling with emotion as she spoke.

It wasn't long before she started calling herself "Prarthana" instead of "Prarthana-ma" or "Prarthana-beti". When she came to the room, she would see her clothes, which she had washed and ironed with great care. She would think, "If I had made a mistake, if I had been careless, would anyone have noticed? Would anyone have cared?" She would remember how, even in the seventh class, she had been so careful about her studies, how she had always tried to please Himavant. She would think, "If I had been a good wife, if I had served Himavant well, would he have loved me more?" And so, she would get emotional, her eyes welling up with tears as she thought about the relationship between a husband and wife.

It was all so complicated, so difficult to understand. They were just a man and a woman, living together, but it was all so much more than that. They were two people, bound together by love and duty, and yet, they were also two individuals, with their own thoughts and feelings. And Prarthana couldn't help but wonder, "Is it all worth it? Is it all just a game, a charade, a pretence?"