After finishing the ritual, he pierced something like a thorn into the soft cartilage behind Himavant’s ears and made him chant a mantra eight thousand times in three stages. How much time does it take to learn the art of total destruction? "Should I destroy Prarthana?" Himavant asked himself. For some reason, he felt that even his inner voice might be heard clearly and Urmila might wake up. "Am I afraid of Urmila, then?" he asked himself. A crooked smile appeared on his lips. "I don’t even know the meaning of the word 'fear.' Until now, the only thing I have feared is love." But the word 'love' had lost its meaning. All that remained in him was the alertness of a killer; a cruel vigilance that he must not get caught. "Urmila must not know that I am doing all this." What if she does? What if she finds out? She wouldn’t be able to stop it, but the image she has built of him in her mind would be shattered, and that must not happen. "So, should I destroy Prarthana? Today? If not today, then when?" Is this the only way to destroy her? "I could just go straight to Davanagere and finish it in one blow, couldn't I?" He could have done it that night when she was here. Physically, he was much stronger than Debu; it wouldn't have been difficult to kill them both. But he didn't. Police, court, jail—no, none of that scared him. That imprisonment is not imprisonment, and this freedom is not freedom. His mind is burnt to a crisp; love no longer remains there. Only hatred stands as the harvest. Now, his only desire is that Prarthana should not be happy. If he kills her, is it over? With her, her joy and her sorrow both disappear, and so does her betrayal! Therefore, Prarthana must not die. She must live, suffering every second, until the very last moment! That was what Himavant was deciding.

That night, in another place, Prarthana was lying alone on her bed in the hostel room, staring up at the ceiling, remembering everything that had happened. What had become of her life? Where had it begun and where had it come to a standstill? I am the one who, disgusted after seeing my father sleeping with my sister-in-law in the courtyard house, left home and came to Shivamogga with a god-like man named Himavant. What happened that day?