Tell me the reason 332

Had it to be built? Which man who loved her, who approached her, had been happy? What happiness had she given Himavant? Was it some deception of his today; was it a wrong decision that brought so many lives to this state? If she were to apologize for a small mistake of a girl, who would she end up destroying? Whom should she ask? Himavant? Debu? Sujay, who is no longer on this earth? Or Debu’s parents who are leaving now? How could she even leave this house for Channarayapatna? Instead of that, should she fall into the deep well in the corner of the backyard and lose her life? Prarthana’s mind was in turmoil. Standing in the middle of the hall, she could clearly see Himavant sitting in the car parked in the portico, holding the steering wheel. She saw Debu sitting on the sofa, looking defeated. In front of him sat his parents, motionless, looking as if they couldn't think of anything. She saw Urmi Didi pacing the veranda impatiently. Before anyone could know that she had committed suicide, her life would be gone. Dying by suffocation in water is called asphyxia. Should she just run to the backyard and jump into the well? As she thought this and took two steps back, she saw Rasool Jamadar standing like a guard by the well in the corner of the backyard. She felt both surprise and anger at Himavant’s precaution; the thought of suicide remained just a thought. She looked once more at the person sitting like a still picture inside the car in the portico: today, no power in the world could change Himavant’s decision. He would not yield to any request, any plea, any threat, or any persuasion. For no reason would he leave her in this bungalow and return to Shivamogga! That was the deal he had made with her beforehand; he had come to Hyderabad only after she had given her complete consent. Who knew better than her how bitter the stubbornness of a candy seller could be? Himavant might break if he had to, he might be shattered, he might be destroyed, he might be ruined; but he would not bow down. He was not a warrior who lost a battle so easily. He would not leave from here today without taking her along. The debt of this bungalow was over. As she became certain of this, Prarthana stood ready for everything that was about to happen; she set all the turmoil aside, took a deep breath once, and then everything...