He was Himavant. God. God does not stoop to wickedness, so Debu, who was enrolled, did not want to become God. At the very least, he becomes a human being, that's what Debu has done. All the goodness in Himavant was not even in Debu. Debu, who had thought so, got caught in this situation. It was not her, it was her. She had listened carefully to every word Urmila had spoken. It was not her who was suffering. Besides, the wandering was not for her. Debu loved Deedi, to hurt her! To have her through Urmi. She had to go inside the house and curse Debu's face, scold him. A man! Does Himavant have such compassion? Why should she think he was quiet? But Urmi? All men have it. Even when she knew her bond with Debu had been formed, what happened to Urmi? Why did she have to step between them? Perhaps Debu was not there before; it was I who stepped in. Though there was a clear indication, my friendship was not fruitful without haste, and in vain, Urmila's indifference broke their bond. Finding Urmila uninterested, Debu's interest, without Urmila even knowing, made a hasty decision. It was I who wandered, thinking I had left. She should not have done that. It felt like they had left Debu behind. That's enough. With a single event, all her illusions shattered. Everything for him. Debu's money, intelligence, songs, words - let them both be in one place. Let Urmila keep her seniority. Somewhere it feels like after all this, she should be made to forget herself for different reasons. Seeing all this, will she still be remembered like a mother for a child who has lost her way in their relationship? She pressed her forehead tightly and stood firmly in the passage, looking at the wall opposite. His love seemed to flow. This Debu is a lie, a big lie. Urmi is a lie, her concern is a lie. "Himavant, they are all like you. You too must weep! I am the one who left, forgive me, O God, my earnest request." Prayer? What forgiveness? After committing betrayal, in what voice does Prarthana's mind speak? "What do I do now?" Debu was not there, as if he had always been there. It had come to her lips on its own. The courtyard in front was empty. There was a small light coming from inside the house.