"that shock." Even then, seeing the innocent, her heart became so emotional that today not just the strings of the veena of her mind, but even the strings snapped at once. Himavant was her support. How many years have passed since then? What a wonderful time it was, days passed by without her realizing it. As she thought this, Prarthana's mental composure was lost. This is the right punishment for you, Prarthana. This is a curse. This is Himavant's curse. A curse for his goodness. your deception. Even then, the time spent with Debu, what a wonderful time you think it was? Is there anyone more deceitful than you? For these very two years, Himavant toiled, his body drenched in sweat and blood for your sake. You don't even remember it. Is there forgiveness for someone like you? Her mind turned upside down. I don't want any of this. There's always a bus to Shivamogga. Should I return to Himavant? She thought. That small room, the terrace that could be reached by climbing onto the window ledge, the stars in the sky, the stone bench on the bank of the reservoir. Himavant's sweat. Everything came back to her. She recalled them one by one. Her mind felt immense joy. But, no. The attraction didn't ignite. Her mind wasn't moving towards Shivamogga. She knew; if she went there, Himavant would embrace her with a thousand arms. No matter her condition, no matter what she had become, he wouldn't tell her to leave that small room. "You are still young. Younger than me. I have to correct you. nurture you. Study diligently for just three years, Prarthana, become a doctor, and come back. I will stand at the grand door of my dreams and wait for you," he would say. But what is the need to go there? Debu wouldn't know. Even if he knew she had returned to Himavant, it wouldn't hurt him. He wouldn't get angry. Debu knows better than me that I worship Himavant, but I don't love him. He will be at peace. Debu shouldn't you bastard. Flirting isn't just for you. Don't you know I can do it too? Right here in Davanagere, in this same college, I will walk around with my arms around another man's shoulder right in front of your eyes. Let blood flow from your eyes. If such fickleness disturbs the harmony of companionship, let me also understand what its consequences will be. Bringing a woman from Mangalore... it hurt me.