It had been a long time since Himavant had walked this far. Even now, as he stood at the turn, he felt a sense of unease. What if he had to spend the night here? He thought of Prarthana, who had been living in his house for six months now. She had grown into a mature and intelligent young woman. But she was still a child, and he couldn't bear the thought of her being alone at night. He thought of the way she used to look at him with her big eyes, the way she would talk to him, the way she would smile. He couldn't bear the thought of her being without him for even a night.

He thought of the way she had changed over the past six months. She had become more confident, more assertive. She had started to talk about her dreams and aspirations, about becoming a doctor and making a name for herself. He had tried to discourage her, to tell her that she was still young and should focus on her studies. But she had been determined, and he had eventually given in.

As he stood there, he felt a pang of guilt. He had been so caught up in his own thoughts and worries that he had neglected her. He had been so busy with his work and his own problems that he had forgotten about her needs and feelings. He felt a sense of regret for not being there for her, for not being able to provide for her.

He thought of the way she had been looking at him lately, with a mixture of sadness and disappointment. He knew that she was trying to be strong, to be independent, but he could see the pain and the hurt in her eyes. He knew that he had to do something to make it right, to make her feel better.

As he stood there, he heard the sound of a car driving by. He looked up to see a taxi driving down the road, and he knew that he had to make a decision. He could either get in the taxi and go back home, or he could stay there and try to make things right with Prarthana. He thought for a moment, and then he made up his mind. He would go back home, and he would try to make things right with Prarthana.

He walked back to the house, his heart heavy with regret and guilt. He knew that he had to make things right, to make Prarthana feel loved and cared for. He opened the door and called out to her, but there was no answer. He walked into the house, and he saw that she was not there. He looked around, and he saw that she had left a note on the table.

He picked up the note and read it. It was a message from her, telling him that she had gone to Shivamogga to meet a friend. She had left a book with the friend, and she had asked the friend to call him and tell him that she had arrived safely. Himavant felt a sense of relief wash over him. He knew that she was safe, and that she was okay.

He sat down on the couch, and he read the note again. He felt a sense of sadness and regret, knowing that he had neglected her and that she had had to leave without him. He knew that he had to make things right, to make her feel loved and cared for. He would go to Shivamogga and meet her, and he would try to make things right between them.

As he sat there, he heard the sound of the phone ringing. He got up and answered it, and he heard the voice of Rasool Jamadar on the other end. He told him that Prarthana had arrived safely, and that she was with him. Himavant felt a sense of relief and happiness, knowing that she was safe and that she was with her friend.

He hung up the phone, and he sat down on the couch again. He felt a sense of peace and contentment, knowing that Prarthana was safe and that she was okay. He knew that he had to make things right between them, and he was determined to do so. He would go to Shivamogga and meet her, and he would try to make things right between them.

As he sat there, he thought about the past six months. He thought about the way Prarthana had changed, the way she had grown and matured. He thought about the way she had looked at him, the way she had talked to him, the way she had smiled. He knew that he had to make things right between them, and he was determined to do so.

He got up and walked out of the house, determined to go to Shivamogga and meet Prarthana. He knew that it would be a long and difficult journey, but he was determined to make things right between them. He walked out into the night