Himavant walked northwards on the road, his head turned towards the hostel. He had turned his head in the direction of the hostel once again, just as he had done earlier. Prarthana was just one of the many girls, but she was the only one who didn't have an ounce of fear in her. If Himavant had spoken the truth to her, as he had spoken to her, she would have been crying and weeping, her chest heaving with sobs, just like she was doing now in the hostel room. Five minutes had passed since she had stopped crying, and just then, a car had stopped in front of the house, its headlights shining brightly in the darkness. The name of the person who had come to visit Kaveramma was Debasish Chandrakant Bandopadhyay, and the girl who had been with him was called Urmi. If he had mentioned his friend Lavanya even once, Prarthana would have remembered it with a sense of unease, just like she was doing now in the darkness of the hostel room.

Debasish had gone to Kaveramma's house, and he had sat down in the verandah, his eyes fixed on the spot where Prarthana was sitting, her eyes fixed on the ground. If he had been sitting in the darkness, his eyes would have been fixed on the spot where Kaveramma was sitting, or if Kaveramma had been sitting in the darkness, her eyes would have been fixed on the spot where Debasish was sitting. But Debasish's eyes were fixed on the spot where Prarthana was sitting, and Kaveramma's eyes were fixed on the spot where Debasish was sitting.

That night, Prarthana's heart was filled with turmoil. She was torn between two thoughts: to do something wrong and get away with it, or to do nothing and remain in a state of uncertainty. She was unable to make up her mind, and her heart was filled with a sense of unease. She had cried the entire night, her tears flowing uncontrollably, and she had only stopped when the clock struck three in the morning. When she had seen Debasish the next day, she had known that something was amiss, but she had been unable to understand what it was.

Prarthana was not a fool to think that Debasish had come to see her because he loved her. She had seen the way he had talked to her, and she had seen the way he had looked at her. He was a person who talked about everything under the sun, but he had not said a word to her about his feelings. It was only when he had come to see her the next day, in his car, that she had realized that something was amiss. She had been unable to understand what it was, but she had known that it was something that had to do with Debasish.

Prarthana had been thinking about Debasish's behavior, and she had been unable to understand what it meant. He was a person who talked about everything, but he had not said a word to her about his feelings. It was only when he had come to see her the next day, in his car, that she had realized that something was amiss. She had been unable to understand what it was, but she had known that it was something that had to do with Debasish.